dataset = [
    "Excellent product!",
    "Excellent product and service! Thank you!",
    "Perfect cigarette case.  These are so hard to find anymore that I was delighted with it.",
    "Exactly what I wanted. THANKS",
    "Just what I order,beru pleased.",
    "all leather",
    "This works so very good to keep your cig.. lighter ans anything else you may want to eep in it",
    "Perfect size and really nice!",
    "Awesome",
    "Soft leather, very well made.",
    "great!!",
    "Great",
    "Great buy...the case is very soft and fits kings only, which is what my mom wanted... only problem is shipping, it arrived over a week later than was promised because it was sent all over the US I stead of straight to me...",
    "I had been looking for a replacement for a cigarette case I'd had for over 25 years and lost. After reviewing several I settled on this one. It was very well made, the leather was soft, not stiff or cheap looking. I loved the little front pocket that kept my lighter handy and easy to keep up with. There is even a small zippered pocket for change or whatever else. I was very pleased with it. Unfortunately, I had not read the description well enough and I discovered this case DOES NOT fit the 100's. It was such a nice case that I gave it to my daughter rather than return it. She has been more than pleased with it. I'm hoping the new one I have ordered is as nice.",
    "It's just what I wanted.",
    "Worked great for my 100's I smoke.  Leather was supple and would definitely buy again. I wish It came in RED or PURPLE. Black is sooo hard to find in a black lined purse.",
    "Hard to find and still the best",
    "Love this case I have had about 10 of them over the years so glad you carry them",
    "Buxton has always used quality leather in all of the products they have offered over the years and they still do. The case is very well constructed and should last many years.",
    "Very pleased with this cigarette case. I've had the exact same one before but I lost it. It holds up really well compared to some other cases I've owned. You won't be sorry if you purchase this and the price is right.",
    "Perfect and durable. I love the look and feel of this case. I have purchased two different colors and considering a third. Love it!",
    "Well made, nice leather too!",
    "I bought this for a relative of mine. I haven't seen it as I sent it to her in another state. But She said that she really likes it, is very happy with it. Its just what she wanted.  it is made very well.",
    "I cannot believe this case cost as little as it did.  I was skeptical of what the quality was going to be like after I ordered it.  When I received it I was amazed because it is real leather and it looks fabulous.  It is a little snug if you try to put a hard pack in it but all you have to do is tear off the top off the cigarettes and they fit.\n\nGREAT BUY",
    "I ordered the Buxton Heiress collection Black  Leather cigarette Case with lighter pocket, instead I received Urban Express Sandra Framed Wallet, Pewter, the  wallet is mismarked, The code bar on the wallet is for  the Buxton Cigarette case, just wrong merchandise, I am returning it in exchange for the Black Heiress collection cigarette case that I ordered, as for your merchandise I am very happy with it,",
    "this was a gift and the party was very happy with it  only if could be a little larger for larger pkg. .leather was  very soft.",
    "I use the same case for my smokes. the last one lasted 6 years that's why I always buy this one! love it",
    "Hard to find shirts that are not non-iron (which don't hold up well to commercial laundering) anymore. These are good.",
    "Great style with quality fabric and nice fit",
    "Good quality",
    "Great quality and comfortable to wear",
    "Great shirt with specific sleeve length.  Not 34/35 mess.",
    "Good quality shirt, fit as expected.",
    "Great fit, great deal ... classic shirt!  The Paul Fredrick line does it again!",
    "Good quality shirt.",
    "great for pleasure or work",
    "Nice shirt at a great price.",
    "Beautiful shirt. Very high quality cotton.",
    "Great Fit!",
    "Good fit",
    "I was looking at the previous review and I think they missed the boat on this one. I don't think they understood what they purchased. This is a pinpoint 2 ply oxford. Naturally very wrinkle prone. This doesn't make the shirt a bad one. In fact in my mind it's on of the best quality shirts you can buy. You must either be very good with a iron and starch or have these pressed for $1.50. I recommend the latter but my wife does an ok job ironing these. I own about 20 Paul Frederick shirts and I like them all. You cant beat the quality especially if get them on sale like I do.\n\nI also recommend Kirkland (Costco brand) which is the best shirt on the market other than brooks brothers,\n\nThese are much better than the other brands like, Van Hussein, Geoffrey Bean and Claiborne for sure...",
    "Finally a shirt that fits!  I have a thick neck :)  normal sized shirts for my frame choke me even when my wife moves the button.  These don't.  They could be softer though and usually need ironing.",
    "Fits perfectly",
    "wanted a lose fit, the sleeve cuff buttons  could be tighter",
    "Excelente.",
    "This is a great shirt!  It feels like the same construction and material of others that cost 5 times as much.  I can't recommend Paul Fredrick enough if you are looking for quality apparel at reasonable prices.",
    "I see the bad reviews so I Have to post mine. This shirt is fantastic. The complete equivilant of a $100 department store shirt. It's bright white. Fits and looks great. I do send them to the laundry after I wear it. Dont be foooled by the cheap price this shirt is perfect to wear with an expensive suit",
    "If you want a look that takes it back to the Old School, buy this shirt. It isn't as appreciated as it used to be, but it's just as relevant now as it was back then. Perfect with a classic black tie for job interviews. However, stay aware of the buttons leading up to the cufflinks. Sometimes they can snap off if not attended to. Other than that, a shirt of sophistication. Guaranteed.",
    "Love the shirt.  My husband loves it so much.  He loves the neck and the material bar for the tie.  Fits great.  I recommend this product.  Your husband will love it.  Quality great.",
    "Beautiful shirt. Love the snap tab collar, older ones were button tab closure which could be difficult to maneuver.\nOnly negative is the collar which is my size but seemed a size larger.",
    "Great shirt. Really looks nice with my suit",
    "great shirt",
    "quality at a good price",
    "I have nothing but good to say about the Paul Fredrick tab collar French cuff dress shirt.  Shirt fits perfectly and looks very very nice!",
    "Great quality- only type of shirts I want from now on, love that it snaps behind the tie and keeps my tie in place as well!",
    "quite happy",
    "Very nice shirt.",
    "It's a great shirt, and fits me perfectly.  I think it's a great buy for the price.  The logistics of ordering and delivery were exactly as promised.",
    "I expected it to fit comfortably & it did",
    "Great shirt. It popped as expected and helped me stand out amongst the crowd.",
    "Nice shirt. Just as I expected. 5 stars.",
    "Shopping through Amazon provides a large number of products to choose from and sizes difficult to find in stores. The shirt I ordered is quality and I am very pleased plus it saved me considerable time from not having to search stacks of shirts to find 171/2, 32inch sleeve.",
    "Great shirt.",
    "excellent",
    "great",
    "I was looking for a tab collar dress shirt.  I have always liked that style, but lately I had been unable to find any. I looked on Amazon and lo and behold; there they were. Reasonable price, fast delivery and excellent quality. I have absolutely no complaints and I intend to purchase several more in the near future.",
    "First piece of clothing I ever ordered on-line.  Quick delivery, great fit. A quality product. I'll be  sure to order again.",
    "Beautiful",
    "I'm going to get rid of all of my other dress shirts! These are the best.",
    "I will order another one.",
    "Love the shirt, fits and feels great!!!",
    "excellent quality at a value price fit is exact.",
    "Love shirt and even makes me look good!",
    "great shirt",
    "This item is very lightweight (as you'd expect from silk underwear).  While we were using it under a costume, rather than for winter warmth, the several people using it all said it was very comfortable and not too hot inside the costume.",
    "This lightweight balaclava is perfect for winter, summer, spring or fall.  Helps keep you warm in the winter yet light enough to wear on a hot summer day.  It is easy to put on and take off and so cheap that you throw it away after each job.  Slip it on before you are in view of any CCTVs and simply dump it after you are far enough away it won't be connected to the scene.  It prevents sweat and hairs from being left at the scene so the police are unlikely to get a DNA print, and makes it impossible for anyone to ID you. The perfect accessory for the professional thief.  I've used it on over 20 thefts and haven't got caught yet.&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/China-Silk-Black-Balaclava/dp/B0000AWHAA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">China Silk Black Balaclava</a>",
    "my son has to wait on a main road to catch the school bus and he does not get cold from cars driving by and creating wind. Love it",
    "Excllent value. Very light weight and perfect for under a stocking cap with a pair of earmuffs.  Quick shipper.",
    "This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width!  Very impressed.",
    "This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased.",
    "It was exactly as described.  Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish.  I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store",
    "it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it.",
    "When I first saw this offer last year, I couldn't believe it was genuine. I was used to paying $10 to $15 a pair for wool socks. When they arrived, I still found it hard to believe. But these are excellent quality socks that have held up well through heavy use and lots of washings. The three pair are serving well alongside their far more expensive drawer-mates. It's hard to imagine someone getting excited by a pair of socks, but these are worth getting excited about. I agree that a color other than gray would help to stretch these socks further in my wardrobe, but for the price... I ain't complainin'!",
    "Socks seem like a strange kind of thing on which to write a review, but these socks are special. I placed an order for a friend of mine who runs a soup kitchen in Poplar Bluff Missouri. It was an order of about 60 pairs of these socks which probably seemed pretty strange to the people at Sportsman's Guide, but they sent them anyway. I didn't think much about it until I got an e-mail from Joni, the lady in Poplar Bluff, that the socks had arrived.\nShe told me that you would think that the socks were made of gold the way the people at her free store responded to them. They had NEVER seen such socks!! They were soft and they were thick and warm. Most of them had never even heard of wool socks.\nNow I don't think twice about wool socks because I love them but it gave me real pause to think that there were people who had never even heard of such a wonderful thing. These people couldn't believe that someone would just give them something this good. Yes, this good.\nSo if you're thinking of buying some of these why don't you get an extra pair or two and give them to someone who needs them. It will be an education, I promise, and your gift will reward you many times over when you experience the gratitude such a small thing can evoke.",
    "I ordered these socks for my Mother's birthday and she absolutely loves them. They are thick and warm, perfect for cold Indiana winters.  Thank you.",
    "My first review but I have to say......About 15 years ago I developed an allergy to nickle (earrings, necklaces, belt buckles, buttons, bracelets!) and stopped wearing most jewelry. I have to tape over my belt buckles or any metal that contacts my skin and was diagnosed as severely allergic by my doc after allergy skin test. About a year ago I got my ears repierced with my daughter so we could have fun wearing jewelry and have tried every kind of hypo allergenic earring I could find: Studex, Sterling Silver 925, Surgical Steel, 14k gold, and had allergic reactions to all of them if worn for even an hour. Studex that my ears were pierced with was the worst! Bleeding, red itchy swollen earlobes a few weeks to heal in between each time I wore earrings! Searched Amazon for an hour to find these and did some research. They work as promised! I had to force them through (holes had partially closed) and had some initial healing for about 2 weeks. Now I'm wearing them 24/7 no problems! It's a first and really wonderful. I will get more. This size is a bit small for a main earring so I will get the next size up. THANK YOU.",
    "It is refreshing to wear these earrings because they don't make my earlobes swell up. My ears are too sensitive for \"sensitive\" earrings and I was about ready to give up and resign myself to clip earrings. Fortunately I found these. They are more expensive than other earrings due to the metal, but well worth it. It's like my ears don't even know they're there :) .",
    "I just had my ears pierced a little over two months ago and I thought the minor discomfort was part of the healing process.  I decided to try these but honestly didn't expect there to be a difference.  Within hours of wearing these my ears had no discomfort at all.  Again, my ears weren't red or swollen but just had a very minor ache.  I'd recommend these to people even if it's not the last resort to wearing earrings.\n\nI also really like the small simple style so these were perfect for me anyway.  I've found it very difficult to find earrings I like in stores because they all seem so big and overbearing.  I'm sure that I will end up buying more pairs of these in a similar style and definitely give preference to titanium earrings.",
    "I just got these a few weeks ago (along with a pair of titanium hoops) and love them. I haven't been able to wear earrings for years because of nickel allergies, and these earrings haven't given me any trouble whatsoever!",
    "these are the only earrings that have not caused an allergic reaction and they are very pretty too.",
    "I have only owned these earrings a few weeks, but I'm quite pleased with them.  Before buying these, I had been completely unable to wear earrings for many years.  My earlobes would swell, turn red, and bleed immediately after inserting even \"hypoallergenic\" earrings.  I've tried other brands, such as Simply Whispers, which I really wanted to love, but I simply couldn't wear them.  I'd given up and given away most of my earrings and hadn't bought or tried any earrings for a few years.\n\nWhen these first arrived, I had trouble inserting them because my earlobes had almost grown closed, and I traumatized my ears a bit.  Over the next several days, I removed them at night, then irritated my ears again when I reinserted them in the morning.  Finally, I decided to just leave them in and allow my ears to heal, and that has worked just fine.  Now my ears have healed, and I haven't bothered to remove the earrings for a couple of weeks.\n\nI noticed that in a review for one of the other styles, the reviewer had two complaints: that the ad appeared misleading in that it looked like you were purchasing three pairs of earrings, and that the 3mm size was tiny.  So take note:  you are ordering just one pair of earrings, and the 3mm (mini) size earrings are very small - take a look at a ruler to get an idea - but they provide an understated bit of sparkle.\n\nI highly recommend these for people with metal allergies - I'm planning to get another pair.",
    "These leather suspenders I highly recomend. They are simple, and compfortable. Easy to adjust. Look great!",
    "I have worn suspenders for quite a few years.  It is nice to buy a pair that really feels solid and comfortable.  From the construction to the materials used, I am impressed.  They look good in casual dress or on my jeans and really stand up to a hard days work.",
    "I got these for my boyfriend and they have worked out really well--nice quality materials and good performance.",
    "Had a pair of these for the past few years. same thing... great gloves for running and even short (1-2 hour long) bike rides in the cold.",
    "I ordered these for my husband who trains as a triathlete. He loves wearing them in the cooler months to keep his hands warm while he's running or biking.",
    "Awesome gloves.  They're thin enough that you almost forget you have them on, but they're thick enough to keep my hands warm.  I'm in California so the coldest weather I have to run in is probably about 50 degrees.  Hard to beat at this price",
    "Good product, good transaction",
    "These are really pretty. I love Silver Forest earrings. Wish I could find merchants who honor their earring club. No one seems to carry the card/stickers needed to receive a free pair.",
    "I would buy jewerly from this buyer again. The earrings where nice and shipped right away!",
    "These are just gorgeous.  I received several compliments on them when i wore them to work.  seller was prompt.  very satisfied with service.",
    "Nice fun earrings good color. Not heavy or cheap looking. Certainly not what you would want for a formal but great easy wearing earrings.",
    "Package arrived promptly and in good shape. Loved these beautiful earrings. I ordered them for a gift but almost kept them for myself. May have to order another pair for myself.",
    "Purchased with a necklace on amazon and these match perfectly.  The size is just right and they are so unique that I get compliments on them.",
    "received ear rings and very very happy with the quality, color and style.  Will purchase another pair for my daughter. The only down side, is it needs some kind of backing. these come off my ears without me knowing it and I don't want to lose them. Otherwise, they are great!!!!!",
    "Bought for a gift and they look so good want to keep for myself!  I am impressed with these earrings.",
    "These are the most comfortable things I have ever worn on my feet; I bought them for gymnastics and I'm so happy that I did; They are so comfortable! But just in case you didn't know: the straps are only attached at the back of the slipper; So you have to sew them into the front- I'm assuming for proper fit; This is a bit annoying- coupled with the fact that there is no loop or area of fabric to sew them into without having to see your handy work through the front(no good if your terrible at sewing like me); And they soil easily;This should be expected of course(especially if they are white). Still, as my title suggests,they earn 5 stars and more because they truly are that comfortable; Especially when walking on carpet; I can't well explain why, because the shoes really have no padding; But they hug your feet and support your arch to an extent (I'm assuming these would not be as comfortable for flat footed people).The price is great and, if you are into ballet, what do you have to loose.",
    "Hope they keep making these! Great fit - very comfortable. Wear quite well.  Half the price of Birks.",
    "So far I am very pleased with these less expensive versions of Birkenstocks. Haven't noticed any lack in quality and of course love the comfort of these shoes. Birkenstocks (and Betula's) are the best!",
    "The nice thing with Birkenstock brand is that sizes are incredibly consistent across the various divisions (Birkenstock, Birkis, Papillio, Betula, etc.); so when your favorite relative laments that they can't find \"tan\" suede 2-strap birkenstocks to replace their old ones in their neck of the woods, it's a sure bet you'll get the size, quality, and color you ask for when you order them sight unseen.  There are lots of imitations out there, but only Birkenstock products hold up the way you need them to.  A bit more to pay for the guarantee of durability and craftsmanship that will make these sandals last SOOOO much longer than the \"knock-offs\", but well worth the comfort and peace of mind.",
    "I had a pair of these stolen while returning from a cruise. I am so happy to have a new pair. They are my favorite shoes.",
    "I have been looking for this particular style of Birkenstock for over two years.  I already own a pair just like this and, unfortunately, they got wet so they don't look new anymore.  I was so happy to find them.  They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  I have flat feet and most shoes aren't very easy to wear for a very long period of time.  I can wear these all day and not only do my feet not hurt but my back doesn't either.  This was a great find!!",
    "I love my sandals. They are the second pair I've bought. The first pair were clogs and I love them too. I wear my sandals all the time. I would reccomend them to anyone for themselves or as presents for others.",
    "ups delivery left something to be desired..but thats ups for you..*sighs*- but hey the shoes were great shipping time was great kudos to the person I purchased from frowns to ups -anita",
    "This is an item I had looked for locally first... but couldn't find at a reasonable price.\n\nHowever, I did find it on Amazon.com....the first search...and the price was great.\n\nThe item as a gift and the receiver of the gift was very pleased.\n\nThank you for outstanding service...not to mention an outstanding product.\n\nSincerely,\n\nMichael Collins",
    "Shoes were just what I wanted and the price was exceptional.  Service was great - got my order in just a couple of days",
    "I have all hardwood floors in my house and wanted/needed a good pair of shoes to wear in the house that would support my feet.\nThese are great. They arrived timely and are exactly what I needed. Plus they are very reasonably priced for having the comfort and benefits of Birkenstocks, but without the Birkenstock price.",
    "These shoes are very comfortable and look just like Birkenstock.  They feel like them also.",
    "Have worn this style sandal for years. Still haven't worn out my first pair. In the hot CA desert summers they are perfect.",
    "I wanted this kind of sandal.  I found them.  I ordered them.  They came to my house undamaged and in a timely manner.  All is well.",
    "I love sandals, I wish that was all that I could wear.  What's not to love about Birks=)",
    "great looking shirt - fits very well - will order other colors",
    "I've been buying these shirts for years. Excellent quality and fit.",
    "Great buy",
    "Excellent shirt\n Made to exacting detail. Fits perfectly",
    "He loved it!",
    "I nave several Paul fredrick shirts and I love them!",
    "excellent",
    "I am pleased with my selection.",
    "A very handsome dress shirt that I enjoy wearing often.",
    "Finally, a good quality shirt that fits as it should fit.",
    "Perfect fit, great fabric.",
    "Super fast delivery. Thank you. I will be wearing these boots with a 70's style dress. They are beautiful and I cant wait to wear them. I have aways had big calves and they fit perfect. They seem well made with nice material. I love these boots!",
    "I have skinny calves, so the previous reviews stating they were too small in the calves helped motivate me to make this purchase! These boots are awesome! I get complements every day. I did insert arch supports, which I do with most boots I buy. The price couldn't be better.",
    "Just came across this boot, and i'm surprised at not only how good they look, but the prices for them were quite reasonable as well as affordable.  Not to mention, they'd look great with any Goth outfit or worn with regular slacks/jeans.  I'd highly recommend these boots for both Goth girls and guys alike.",
    "I really loved the boots. The quality is very good. And it is very comfortable.",
    "I LOVE these boots. This is my second pair. My last pair lasted me seven years. So excited to have them again.",
    "Easier to walk in then expected, fits perfectly except for the top is a bit tight around calf.",
    "I *love* these boots and am now on my 3rd pair. They fit my rather thin calves perfectly (most boots are too wide), but are a bit stretchy to fit larger calves too. The heel and platforms heights are perfect. They are a little tight around the toes when I first put them on, but after wearing them around for a while I don't notice it much. I love wearing these with jeans and tank tops or a cute short dress.",
    "order one size larger there amazing and great for clubbing",
    "Very sexy and excellent fit.  This is my second pair because I wore out the first ones !  A must buy !",
    "awesome",
    "thanks",
    "Exactly what I was hoping for. The Cubic Zirconia is sparkly and the perfect size. Fits accurately and the color is perfect Sterling Silver. The only thing that made me a bit sad was the band, which got marked up a little somehow, either in warehouse or during transit, but luckily it's not enough to make me fuss, plus for the price, if need be I could replace it at some point rather than return it for shipping costs that are pricier.",
    "I love this ring. My wedding band is gold but I wear a lot of silver jewelry and wanted something to match without spending a fortune. This is perfect. It matches my wedding ring and is absolutely beautiful. Super product, super price and super fast shipping. I couldn't be any happier.",
    "very satisfied with my purchase",
    "I got it in time and these fit prefect",
    "Looks new after being washed several times. Maintains shape size and color.",
    "Cheaper than Calvin Klein outlet store husband loves these",
    "My favorite undershirts.  Good price and quality.",
    "Fabric comfortable, very simple style, the three basic colors are also easy to match, a good choice.",
    "good way to go",
    "As expected",
    "Soft and perfect",
    "My girl digs them.",
    "Would like more colors to choose from",
    "Excellent",
    "My son-in-laws favorite.",
    "Very warm and comfortable. The shirts are especially long, which to me is a good thing as they never get untucked.",
    "What do you expect from Calvin!!! Don't think about worth it.",
    "I loved them, when I get the money I'd like to get some more, only this time I want to get them a wider variety od colors",
    "Good",
    "Comfortable and fit nicely. I've bought these repeatedly.",
    "Would buy fro again.",
    "It looks really good on my husband!",
    "Very soft and great fit",
    "very good",
    "Fits great....only t-shirts I wear",
    "Texture is great, but its length. is somewhat shorter than previous in store purchases. I still give it 5 stars because it is a great product.",
    "best t shirts ever",
    "Good undershirts",
    "Calvin Klein t-shirts are the most comfortable I've ever worn and shopping for underwear is no fun. I used to get this at Costco until Costco discontinued CK and only has their Kirkland brand for this product. I am very happy to replenish my t-shirt supply through Amazon.",
    "Love these undershirts.",
    "Great fabric, well sewn, will but again",
    "This is The one.",
    "Very comfortable shirts",
    "Very soft, comfortable shirts.",
    "Good V-Neck shirts",
    "Good quality daily tees.",
    "I only buy these undershirts - they shrink much less than your basic Hanes or Fruit of the Loom. Well worth the extra money to have a shirt that lasts.",
    "I bought these due to having one already that I really liked. I ordered the 3 pack and usually wear them to bed.  My wife thinks I look good in them so I gladly will accommodate.  These are tagless and much thicker and than some Haynes brand ones that I have since tossed.",
    "Perfect!",
    "These shirts work well for daily wear or as undershirts. After many washes they still hold up well.",
    "Fit as expected - fairly standard modern american fit.\nThese are great looking and comfortable.  I bought 3 of these 3 packs and is the only top I wear to work . . . which makes things easy for me.\nGood price\n\nOne downside is the calvin klein lettering on the bottom peels off after a wash or two.  The letters were not very noticeable anyway, so it does not really matter.",
    "They are a bit pricey but hold shape better than cheaper shirts of the same type...deeper v and collar that holds shape better. Great for work undershirts and last longer than most cheaper undershirt brands",
    "Fantastic fabric weight.  Second purchase for husband.  Much better quality than that fruit company or panti hose brand...",
    "These are very comfortable and the only t-shirts I buy. Fit is true and shrinkage is minimal when washed.",
    "Good",
    "all good",
    "Always a great buy even though it is a little pricey. Feels great....no tags and long lasting quality!",
    "Great shirt. Comfortable. Relaxed fit. Not too deep a V-neck.",
    "Comfy for women too!",
    "What can I say...  They are great T-shirts.",
    "Excellent fit. Very comfortable. Would buy again.",
    "Great product.",
    "Great product shipped as promised and very fast delivery",
    "Great quality undershirt.",
    "Excellent product even if it's made in Bangladesh.",
    "It's fit",
    "Best tee's you can buy.",
    "as expected",
    "Shipped fast great shirts. Fits well",
    "I love these shirts. They fit well and are a standard in my wardrobe with an over shirt.",
    "A++++",
    "Great shirts. They feel good and the cut is nice.",
    "Nice prodcut, just what I expected.",
    "great shirt",
    "As excepted.",
    "Fit as expected",
    "Shrinks",
    "Perfect Fit",
    "Very nice trim look",
    "Excellent",
    "I took a chance on these and they are great.  I usually buy 2X but went with XL and they fit perfectly.  I like a V neck T shirt.  They are light in weight which is good for a hot and humid North Carolina summer, three different colors.  Will probably use for about three years until I get oil, grease of paint on them, but for about $11 average per shirt it was a nice way to buy and not get in traffic and heat as a result.",
    "Nice fit",
    "These are great to protect my husband's dress shirts!",
    "Just what my husband needed.",
    "Love these!!!!!",
    "Grrrrrreat!",
    "Looks good, feels good.",
    "Great",
    "Superb quality. Calvin Klein is top quality; just a little pricey, but worth it in my opinion.",
    "I've worn these t-shirts to death! Love them.",
    "Exactly what I ordered; comfortable fit.",
    "good",
    "Good quality tees and good fit.",
    "Perfect and feel good enough.",
    "Great feel.  Great fit.",
    "worth the money. the cotton breathes. too bad the Calvin Klein brand is not always consistent.",
    "A",
    "So good. I got pack for myself (I'm a small, girl) and my BF- he's medium. Looks sexy as fff",
    "feel good",
    "nice T",
    "perfect",
    "very hi quality",
    "very good and fit as expected.",
    "Great material, very soft & very comfortable!\nI will definitively buy them again!",
    "Fits perfectly and feels comfortable. Definitely a good buy.",
    "Fit great and looks great...bought 3 pks, so yeah I like them.",
    "Excellent, fit as expected",
    "The best T-shirts you can buy. Expensive but worth it.",
    "My boyfriend absolutely loves these shirts, great price from Amazon!!",
    "very well",
    "ok",
    "Excellent Product and Service.",
    "good",
    "Good price and fast shipping",
    "Excellent",
    "  great look & fit; the V-Neck cures the blasted stretched-out collar we hate on round-nech T-Shrirts ",
    "Great quality t-shirt.  Long enough to stay tucked in and thicker cotton than the cheaper competitors.",
    "Good-looking, sturdy, long-lived shirts. Well worth the price versus cheaper brands.",
    "Nice fit. Did not shrink much when washed. Nice quality.",
    "Great product.",
    "These v-neck shirts are must haves in every man's closet. They always come in handy as casual wear over jeans or as undergarment for more formal attires. the quality is good and soft and comfortable. They are a perfect fit too for normal-sized men. I am a medium, I got medium and it fit well.",
    "Just tried one on, seems to fit quite well.  Fabric feels nice.  Hope it stays that way after washing.",
    "My favorite black v necks out there.",
    "Great undershirt! Highly recommended. Nice and comfortable.",
    "Love them! First V-neck that I ever got and don't regret. The best part are the colour and the material: the colour is deep black and the material is good cotton. Going to buy another set right now.",
    "Had purchased another brand, same size large, but were cut shorter, just enough to be annoying. CK size large is perfect. 5'9\", 188lbs.",
    "Nice, well-constructed garment using very good materials.  I have worn this model for years ang go back to them as now trusted.  They do tend to thin out after several years light use, washing every week.",
    "Perfect! They are nice and long so no worries about that.",
    "Great T shirt, I love it.",
    "Bought these for my husband, he loves CK t-shirts. Soft and not too thick, hold up nicely to washing.",
    "Enjoy the fit, weight of fabric and quality",
    "Smooth, soft t-shirts, long so they stay tucked in.",
    "Nice",
    "I love the feel of these tees. They fit just as I was expecting them to. hopefully they will last a while because i like wearing these as more of a casual look like an everyday tee.",
    "I've been wearing these shirts for years. They are the perfect around-the-house, comfortable shirt, and they're more stylish IMO than a typical white t-shirt. The cotton is soft and feels great. They have double stitching and have stood up to lots of machine washing. I love that there's no paper/plastic tag: the printed one inside the shirt is genius. My shirts have \"Made in Haiti\" on them FWIW.",
    "Great Shirt Fits perfect, fast and reliable seller/shipper.",
    "Comfortable, looks good, hard to find anything to complain about.",
    "nice t-shirt.",
    "LOVE these.  Cannot go back to any other brand after having these against my skin.  Great purchase!",
    "fits very well",
    "These V-neck shirts can and will transform almost any outfit into one which kicks ass. I was surprised as to how well they fit for the price.",
    "Good length. Good quality. Sometimes t shirts can be too short, especially after a little shrinking in the wash.",
    "100% OK",
    "Gift for brother in law.",
    "the price was great.",
    "I love the fabric",
    "My Husband really like his V-Neck T-Shirts",
    "Comfortable.",
    "somewhat large,but It's good T-Shirt",
    "I love it!",
    "I have always wore Hanes for under shirts. They always shrank after they dried. So I picked up these gems and they fit great, they don't shrink after washing as much and they look great enough to wear as just a shirt for the day. Exceed my expectations by far.",
    "GREAT! GRREAT! GREAT! I LIKE IT!",
    "Happy with my purchase.,  I especially like the texture and smooth feel of the cotton.",
    "I am  6' 2\"  with a tall and slender build and weight 185 pounds. The shirts fight me well, but are a little big in the neck area for me. I would assume the shirt would fit an average man better than me.  I would buy these again and these did not shrink when washed and dried 100%.",
    "Its not very good,large",
    "Something about this 100% cotton feels a lot nicer than the average 100% undershirt you might find. I never really cared about undershirts (other than that they be 100% cotton) but after getting this one, I threw away all my other ones and got more of these. Still happy with them a year later.",
    "The best",
    "Great Seller and product!",
    "Taikored well enough to be worn as a t-shirt or undershirt.",
    "I bought this for my brother to wear as an undershirt for when he has to wear dress shirts or dressy sweaters, and he loves them.  His favorite part about these shirts is that you can barely feel the material in comparison to all of his cotton shirts.  So, they're definitely light/thin material.  He would never wear them as a regular shirt unless it's in a casual setting (e.g. to bed).\n\nRegardless, they work GREAT for wearing under buttoned dress shirts or dressy sweaters, and I'll definitely be buying the white ones for him soon enough.\n\nOh, as for the fit, I obviously can't personally comment on it, but for him the XL worked great.  He's all around a huge guy (height, weight, and his shoulders) and while he normally wears XLs, sometimes they fit too tight on him due to his shoulders and neck.  This XL fit perfectly with a little room to spare, so if you're a bigger person with regards to your height and shoulders, get your normal size, otherwise definitely size down.",
    "These under shirts fit perfectly and are very soft and comfortable.  Love them!",
    "Fitso perfect, washeso great!",
    "Good quality I always wear L and I bought M based on other reviews. M fits percect (on the small side, but perfect). I'm 176 cm and 83 Kg.",
    "THERE'S NOT A LOT TO SAY OTHER THAN THE ITEM IS WELL PRICED & ARRIVED PROMPTLY",
    "none is better.",
    "nice",
    "Fits as expected, Solid Product",
    "husband loved them.",
    "Fits, looks nice and cheap.",
    "They are perfect except just a tad bit too large",
    "good",
    "great quality for very low money. i wear them daily.",
    "it is comfortable",
    "I'm not one of those women who puts on sparkling spandex to work out.  When I work out, it's about working out, and I want something soft and loose that I can move and sweat in.\n\nI got these in XL and they fit the bill.  They are perfect as sleep shirts as well.\n\nAnd they are still nice and soft after washing.",
    "Worth the extra money over cheaper T shirts",
    "These shirts fit very nice and they are very comfortable as well. Have been washed approx. 20-30 times and they are not at all balled up or showing any signs of wear. I have these in other colors as well and they are just as good. If you need or want a nice v-neck t-shirt, look no further.",
    "Just so easy.  Awesome.",
    "Fits Perfectly and Feels Very Comfortable",
    "Nice thickness of shirts. Double stitched hems. Fit well. Would recommend.",
    "There's enough sleeve holes for each of my arms. The quality is ok, the V is not too low. Overall satisfied.",
    "I have already ordered a smaller size, but it seems still large to me, I should probably order a smaller size than that of this one.",
    "Great for my slim fit boy!",
    "Just as descrived, nice softh fabric.",
    "it's a little bit big",
    "I bought these at Costco years ago, and loved them.  Costco of course no long carries them, so I was very happy to see I could get some new ones on Amazon. They cost a little more on Amazon than they did at Costco, but they were worth it to me.",
    "very good",
    "It's very good",
    "I went to Hawaii and needed some darker light weight shirts. THESE ARE PERFECT and fit well. (maybe a little tiny bit larger but that is fine) I would buy this again and made a good purchase at a great price. (I am a female large on top) Love the v-neck too!",
    "Great fit, works great under dress shirt due to the thin nature of the shirt. The V-neck isn't to deep, washed up very well, no shrinkage, or wrinkles.",
    "Good quality and fit as expected. Very nice shirts for the price.",
    "These shirts are great V-Neck's that fit perfectly, are comfortable, and look great!\n\nThey can be used as a black under-shirt, if ever needed, but I love to wear these as every day shirts.  The nice cotton design is comfortable and washes great. After many washes I still find the shirt to be comfortable and fit the same way as always (the first wash/dry might make it - like all shirts - shrink a little).\n\nThese are some of my favorite shirts to wear, and I wear them all the time.\n\nThey fit as you would expect, I purchased medium (as I purchase medium shirts always) and it fit as it should.  At first it was a little too big, but after the first wash/dry it shaped properly and fits perfectly now.\n\nThe material is thick, and it doesn't' feel cheap at all, while it is nice and soft and great for sleeping in too (your significant other will love the softness of the material!).\n\nWhen I purchased them, they were on sale and a great value - but even at regular price these shirts are definitely a great buy and can be worn as an every day shirt, as a black under shirt, or as a nice comfortable at home/night shirt.  I have recommend these (and the white versions, as undershirts) to my friends and purchase new ones every so often when I lose them, or people take them!\n\nLastly, they are made to last! I have had some of these for more than a year (coming up on almost two years, actually) and they still look great and fit perfectly -- after about a year I usually retire them to night shirts and get new fresh ones (as I tend to stain them here and there and wear them so much that I like to purchase fresh ones to wear out -- don't don't let that make you think they don't last, I could absolutely still wear them out if I wanted to!).\n\nCalvin Klein is a great brand, and makes great V-Necks (in all colors!).",
    "The fabric is not good",
    "These shirts fit perfectly and are a great buy.",
    "these 100% cotton v-neck t-shirts are cool and comfortable.\n\nThey are a good, roomy fit.",
    "I bought several sets for my husband, who's very particular about fabric texture. They're soft and just the right weight for \"loungewear\"...not too thick or too thin and they hold their shape well after washing or drying. He loves them.",
    "Quality and fit are fine and I am pleased with the product.",
    "Excellent fit and value.",
    "This is the undershirt I've been buying for almost ten years now. Was on a business trip with no time to send out laundry and had to order new underwear. Shirts and shorts arrived on time and were just as expected: soft, treated cotton, form-fitting cut and no bunching or noticeable seams. Prime is worth every penny.",
    "a very good purchasing exeprience,which beyond my expection.",
    "Nice T-Shirt. So softy.",
    "Great T's!  Fast shipping.",
    "CK is a favorite underwear brand of mine for years because of repeat-washing durability along with use of good quality, comfortable cotton. These v-necked tee shirts are no exception. I'd buy them again. Would have preferred slightly more length in the body, but I am long-waisted. Perhaps a tall size would have been better for me, but then the short sleeves tend to be too long, so I went with the XL. I would purchase these again, and probably will.",
    "Perfect",
    "Suitable for me",
    "very good product, it could recommend",
    "fiance wears these. Great/perfect fit, soft.",
    "Soft and quality cotton. Would recommend and repurchase.",
    "Well designed , good quality cotton , true to size and fit . Minimal shrinking if you do not dry in dryer.",
    "Well, when you buy a CK, you get a CK; what else can I say?",
    "Fit very well, very comfortable",
    "The shirts are nice and comfortable!, I chose \"large\"... to not risk the buy, because in my country \"large\" fits me well, but when the item arrived, it was a little bit larger than the local large shirts...\n\nI will definitely buy another pack... but i'll choose \"medium\" instead...",
    "These fit well, seem to be made of good quality and thickness fabric, and are sewn with high enough quality that I could wear them by themselves and not just as an undershirt.",
    "My husband loves Calvin Klein t-shirts because the fit is just right and they are a little bit longer than other brands. This one is a winner in our house.",
    "great t-shirt! fits me well! I am 168cm tall, thin, and s size is perfect for my body type",
    "Great",
    "none",
    "100% recomended",
    "I wear these every day and love 'em.",
    "Commodity excellent try it was very elegant and beautiful",
    "These shirts fit well and wash well. Could not ask for more.",
    "Yeah.. the name still holds some sway.. even if just for these T's .. fit well , wash well .. all good .. get them , a bit pricy though",
    "My husband has to wear white V-necks every day for work. He's tried every brand and Calvin Klein are the softest and the brightest white. They also last longer through washes than the other brands.",
    "I love the Calvin Kline white V-neck tees the run bigger than I would like last year I got the extra-large and those were too big this year I got the large fit me a lot better and they last a long time. I'll be getting them again next year",
    "This is a great quality undershirt that I bought in white but they run a little big though, so if your into fitted sizes like me go one size down.",
    "BF likes these",
    "I use these as workout shirts. They're comfy and the right price. :)",
    "The first time I ordered them I ordered my size which is usually a large and it was too big. I returned it and got medium which fit perfectly",
    "Love these so much I should order more. The fit is fantastic, and they are very soft.",
    "Excellent quality",
    "Love them.",
    "goooood",
    "I purchase as a gift for my son. Perfect fit and he wears them as everyday t-shirts.",
    "My wife uses these as bed clothes in the Summer and just loves them.  Not only are they kind of cool looking the material Calvin Klein uses is so soft and nice.  She liked them so much I ended up buying some for myself except for day time wear and I love the feel and fit of them too.  Great product.",
    "Nice shirts. I will buy more.",
    "These tees are soft and comfortable. Hubby liked them so well we ordered a second package within a week of receiving the first package. The length is enough to tuck in without extra bulk.",
    "Great Tee shirt!",
    "The material is soft and comfortable!",
    "Excellent!",
    "I wear an XL in all my shirts but I was reading the reviews & saw people was saying it runs big so yeah it do thanks goodness I orderd a L the L fits just right so if I wear a XL make sure u order a L great shirt i like it",
    "Good quality T-Shirt.  Fabric is nice cotton.  I am 6' and 160lbs.  I wear a form fitting pilot uniform shirt over this t-shirt.  No issues.\nI would buy this product again.  No issue with length.  If you have an exceptionally long torso there might be but if you are normal not issues.",
    "The length is really good, these shirts are perfect for wearing under button up shirts. They have a long enough tail to stay tucked in through hours of sitting at a desk, even through jumping up every time the boss calls. The material is thin enough to feel like it will last while not being too thick to be able to tuck in with another shirt over. Will definitely order more.",
    "Soft, long and stays black after many washes.",
    "Pretty good",
    "My favorite under shirts. Comfortable and high quality. Last forever. I will never go back to Hanes or Fruit of the Loom after wearing these. Worth the extra $$ since they last longer and are far more comfortable. Right length and stay tucked in all day.",
    "good",
    "I have worn CKs for years and swear by the brand.  Yes, they may cost more at first, but they far outlast the store house brands, Hanes, and Fruit of the Loom.",
    "Thanks",
    "Been wearing the Calvin Klein t-shirts for years and love them!  They fit as expected, don't stretch out OR shrink, are durable, and for some reson stay very white!  The V-Necks are great to layer with or wear alone!",
    "Every thing was received as I expected. Very good service and good price",
    "good",
    "i love it, good product",
    "Got them at the sweet price point, making them better value than most others. Material is of very good quality and the cutting and finishing is very good too. Only CK tees for me!",
    "Good Quality Shirts",
    "ok",
    "Will shrink after firs wash. Get one size larger.",
    "very good thank you",
    "Best T-Shirts ever",
    "great",
    "I bought medium sized, I'm a 5'10 with a size 29 waist and thought it would fit me perfectly. The other reviews were right, the shirt is a bit of a tall fit and it felt like i was wearing a large shirt so i ended up giving the medium sized to my brother.\nI ordered small the same day and it just came in and i was definitely more pleased with it, since i like to wear shirts that are less baggy.\nDefinitely try to buy the smaller size if you are skinny and don't like baggy shirts",
    "Soft, and no tags.  Wonderful, my hubby loves them!  Sometimes I borrow them to sleep in, too!",
    "Most t-shirts and underwear are cheap.  CK is great.",
    "GOOD",
    "They are really comfortable to wear, and the price is good also!",
    "all good",
    "Realy soft, I like it",
    "I wear undershirts every work day.  These are top quality.  Some reviews state they run big, fit me perfectly.  I prefer roomy fit as they will shrink after a number of washes.  I gave been wearing these shirts for about 6 years, they last 18 months-ish.  Never had a issue with the quality of the shirts.",
    "I bought this on sale and this is one of the best purchase I ever made on Amazon!  The shirt is 100% cotton so it's very soft, not too thick and not too thin.  The quality is just perfect!  Also, I'm glad that I didn't listen to most Amazon reviewers, the size is as advertised, it is not running large.",
    "good",
    "a little large but very soft and comfortable.",
    "I liked a lot these t-shirts... they are very confortable and fit very well in the body.",
    "Nice to wear under dark shirts and can pass as a polo shirt in a pinch. Very good construction and stitching, which is appreciated as some off brands (with lower prices) can't stand the test of time or multiple washes. In the end quality is less expensive, as you don't have to replace shirts as often, due to separated seams or fraying at the V point in the shirt.",
    "Nice product,worth the price",
    "Buenisimas",
    "Tese shirts are so soft and comfortable. Great colors, as well.",
    "I really like these undershirts.  I have purchased them multiple times.  Very comfortable and they are well made.  They keep their true white color far better than other shirts I have purchased.",
    "My friend 186 75kg\nLittle large",
    "Ok",
    "Real nice undershirts.  Soft and they are longer which helps them stay tucked in. I like these better than fruit of the loom or hanes. Also, I started tucking my undershirts into my underwear to keep them tucked in. I just hate when the undershirt gets un-tucked and your dress shit does not. Then I get this weird bulge around my waste. These are the best undershirts I've tried tho.",
    "good",
    "My boyfriend loves these V necks and I can never find them in stores like marshalls and tj max in his size so we ordered them online. Perfect",
    "I buy three V necks to wear around the house every year. Last year I bought these shirts in Large and White. They were a bit bigger than I wanted and got dirty quickly. This year I bought Medium and Black. The fit is great; not too tight in the stomach area or shoulders. I am average build and wear a 42 long suit coat. These shirts are great. Hopefully they do not fade too much from weekly washing. I will check back in if there is anything to report down the road.",
    "Very good :D",
    "Good T-shirts",
    "Beautiful color, perfect size. I buyed size LARGE.\nThis beautiful t shirt and nice brand. Calvin Klein always with nice shirts.",
    "The size fits well around to me ,The quality is somewhat cheap. But worth the price. It is the perfect size .",
    "I wear these all the time for work and play. They fit a little big at first, but as my beer belly grows they are snugging up perfectly.",
    "These t-shirts are nice enough to wear as shirts with shorts for hot weather.  They wash up wear and the colors go with any pair of shorts.",
    "I bought it for my boyfriend, and he likes it very much. It fit him a lot, and very cool for summer.",
    "at first, I lost my mind and ordered large.. duh, so my neighbor won the lotto for new, super nice, soft t-shirts.. so I re=ordered and the xl is the perfect size.\n\nI have matching white leggins so I dyed all 3 a different color, so I have 'outfits' that all match.. love the fit and the SOFT!!\n\nthanks!",
    "Many t-shirts are thin and flimsy or at the other end, too heavy. These are just right and the quality overall is excellent.",
    "Can't beat the price for CKlein T's  on Amazon, not as soft as older versions but very durable. A bit longer than expected.",
    "It fits as expected, and the material is soft and comfortable.  I would definitely recommend it for an undershirt or sleeping.",
    "Calvin Klein Men's 3-Pack Classic V-Neck T-Shirt, White\nThe right size!\nThe right size! Reliable quality! I love it. I hope you will buy.",
    "Excellent, showed up on time. Well made, didn't shrink or fade so far. Definitely will buy again. And again. And again!",
    "All of my shirts are XL and these are actually slightly big. they got fine with a few washes though and are very comfortable",
    "I've tried these on a few times before buying them. I must have tried different standard white v-necks as one medium seems to fit a lot tighter (which is desired for an undershirt) than others. I bought another two sets from Marshalls and they appeared to be the exact same product but fit a lot looser. They are very comfortable and I kept both.",
    "I can't complain about anything it was all to my liking i must say when it come's to Amazon Prime it set the mode right for everything to fall in line and for that i am thankful for \"Amazon Prime\" thank you \"Prime\"keep up the Good Stuff",
    "I bought them for my boyfriend. He is a body builder and has a good sized upper body. These shirts fit him nicely. Not too tight and not too small. He loved the look and feel, oh and so do I! For the money, they are a great value. I'm debating on buying the 3-pack of blue V-necks too!",
    "These shirts are luxuriously soft. The fabric is a little thin, but I live in a warm climate and only wear them as undershirts. They are much softer than the Hanes shirts I bought recently. I will buy only these from now on.",
    "I took these out of the package and they seemed to be a few inches too long and about an inch too wide. I put them through the wash on a warm cycle and they came out fitting exactly as a medium should fit.",
    "Nice cool and comfortable shirt. Use it as an undershirt for work, keeps you cool and breathable. Definitely buy some more.",
    "These undershirts are a must have for any man who likes comfort and that clean feeling. my husband is very particular about his under clothes and these are great. the material is soft and it fits just right",
    "I love these V neck shirts. The fitted look is good. The sleeves are a little tight, but not to where I think I am going to tear them. They don't wear out quickly.",
    "very happy with my purchase.\nHope you keep them in stock for the future. Also\nlike the three pack of black v-necks!",
    "Best T-shirts ever: they are comfortable,they  look good, they fit well, and are suitable for many occasions. A good price for comfortable and attractive clothing.",
    "Fits so good againsst my ssssskin sso sssoft.  Mmm...makes me want to role around on my bed in nothing but this shirt,  Seriously, it fits well, looks good, hangs well, very soft.  Don't be surprised about how this it is.  The thinness is exactly what I was looking for but others may not.  I will definitely buy more some day.  Not for awhile though...the last set of three I bout 12 years ago I'm still wearing around the house as my comfy pj top.",
    "I love the cut of these T-shirts. I will be buying again. By the way the colors are awesome. Thanks",
    "The cotton is very comfortable, the size is also fit. My husband like this brand very much. We will buy again.",
    "i think it's a little  thin, nipple could be seen clearly.but it's ok.\nthe quality is good,the shape is good..",
    "Calvin Klein products always deliver.  The T's fit perfect.  I've bought many CK products and they all fit and work perfectly.",
    "These T-shirts are a great value. Have been buying them over the years and find they hold up much better than other brands. And purchased through Amazon, they are a great deal as well.",
    "These are the only brand I wear, the most comfortable. Highly recommend. They hold up nice in the wash as well",
    "Clothes quality is very good, suitable for 170-175 cm tall, weighs75 kg of the following figure, the item is consistent with the description, logistics speed is very fast, I like it very much. Next time I will continue to buy the product.",
    "I bought these for the price. They are good, soft and comfortable! When needed I will buy again! Very nice!",
    "Great material. Unexpectedly long, but this means it'll stayed tucked in -- like an undershirt should. I'd prefer it tighter as an undershirt but right now it's just really comfortable.",
    "They fit my son prefect it just what he wanted thank you.. I will keep on buying from Calvin Klein",
    "Having bought many sleeping shirts before. These top all of them before in terms of tactile feel and quality. It's a dream to wear them to bed.",
    "do you have any more at that price? thanks.thought they might be a little big but they were just right",
    "These shirts are very comfortable!  The colors are very vibrant!  So far they haven't lost their shape.  Nice to wear as an undershirt or nightshirt.",
    "These are some of the best tshirts on the market.  So glad I found them on Amazon.  Smooth, comfortable and good fit.",
    "These are excellent shirts. They are definitely for under clothing wear. The quality of the fabric and construction far outshine anything I've purchased in the last 15 years. Do yourself a favor. Buy them. The cheap variety are more expensive in the long run than these shirts.",
    "My husband wears these under his work shirts and around the house as pajamas. They're soft, comfortable and tag free. Very pleased.",
    "Love the shirts and they feel great wish they came with shorts or running pants. Also wished they came in more colors",
    "I have been searching for these at Macy's for a long time, but they don't have them anymore, this was a surprise, My husband loves these, great fit and great price! Great deal!!!",
    "Fine quality and fit.  Bought them for my husband to go along with pajama pants, and he really finds the material and fit comfortable for sleeping.  Good quality.",
    "Size was excellent, the quality was high, very comfortable in confusion.\nCalvin Klein brand is well known and I would like to always wear this brand",
    "Calvin Klein undershirts are my husbands go to everyday shirt when he is working. They wash great, hold their color and always fit perfectly. We tried other more expensive brands but he won't wear them because they didn't feel as good and the v-neck was deeper and looked sloppier. Learned my lesson- only buy Calvin Klein.",
    "I'll be honest, I'm a fashion geek who often buys name brands just because I can feel confident that I look good in them.  There is something about Calvin Klein underwear that just fits and feels great.  I don't know what it is, but I'm a confirmed buyer.  Very reasonably priced, extremely prompt shipment, I would buy from this seller anytime.",
    "I normally wear snug fitted medium shirts. I have an athletic build. Not jacked. Just..athletic. These fit..casually. I will purchase more.",
    "Update:\n\nI'm about to place my 3rd order of these shirts. I ordered 9 over one year ago, and 9 one year prior to that. I am one of those guys who just sweats a lot. To ensure the shirts the world sees stay alive for longer, i wear these guys underneath. If I were to rate these shirts lower for any reason, it would be that the collars at the side of my neck wrinkles, But that's specific to me and my body, because my neck is larger than the body size the shirt is built for. At the V of the neck, the shirt maintains it's structure, rests comfortably and it's so thick that I notice it, even when it's under a shirt, a tie and a v-neck sweater. I had a thought of buying another shirt to see if these could be beat, but I can't see the reason to risk it. I realized today that I may be over the clock on buying these and I was. I told myself to replace them every 6 months and it's been a year. Did these shirts lose their color? After a year of my use, and zero bleach, yes. But I don't think there is a single white shirt on the planet that can endure a year with me, my sweat, my abuse and my cleaning techniques. The color fading is the only reason I remembered I needed to replace them.\n\nOLDER Revew:\nI wear white undershirts every day to extend the life of my expensive collard shirts. These guys soak up my sweat, and wash very easy. They also have delivered on being white for longer than quite a few other shirts I have owned before them. I'll be reordering more of these when they wear out, but for now, they're holding up quite well.",
    "love the fit and feel, and he looked great in these shirts! the size was a perfect fit for my sons frame.",
    "i love it",
    "Very nice quality cotton T-shirt! So far it does not shrink up after drying, I just dry them on a  lower setting.",
    "After receiving the shirts they were a little on the bulky side, however, after two washes they were down to just the right size that I wanted them to be at. The quality is very nice and they are quite soft.",
    "Great qualiy and it fit me better except the sheeves is a little bigger, vandeful shopping exparence, so good exparance.",
    "They last a long time with quality stitching at the shoulder. Over the years, they keep their form and stiffness unlike other t-shirts that get super thin.",
    "Calvin Klein infrequently makes their t-shirts available in different colors. I bought these because they are just that. I made the mistake several years ago thinking that they will always offer these shirts in various colors. I was wrong. Get these before they're no longer available.",
    "I love these V-necks, they are extremely comfortable and will shrink only a minimal amount when washed with cold water.",
    "Bought as a gift. My friend liked it, and they seem to look fine when i see him wearing them.",
    "These are the best under shirts I've ever owned.  I picked up a pack at Costco a year and half ago and now wished I would have bought a few more packs as they never have them in black.  The medium is a great fit for me as a tall and lean man (6'1\" 155lbs) and, unlike most t-shirts or under shirts, they haven't \"shortened\" on me after constant washing / drying.\n\nObviously I paid a lot less for these at Costco; about half what amzn is asking for them, but I'm willing to pay the higher price as these are well worth it from a quality stand point.  I wear them as under shirts for dark dress shirts but also wear them as a casual t-shirt as well.",
    "The ideal v-neck undershirt for me.  Feels quality, just the right thickness, and my favorite aspect of the shirt is the cut of the v-neck.  It's not too deep nor too shallow; it follows the typical dress shirt neck perfectly with the top button unbuttoned.  No more seeing a gigantic V (like you do with a Hanes v-neck) under a white button-up dress shirt.",
    "These are my go to shirts for everything.  They are wonderfully soft and hold up forever.  Plus they hold their shape through 100's of wash and dry cycles!",
    "love them!  i wear the to the gym, to sleep in, to run to the market in.  They always fit and i really like these blue ones.  I normally get white.  Oh and by the way-I'm a 60+ woman and I look really cute in Calvin Klein T-Shirts.  ;-)",
    "I am finally getting the point, want t-shirts that don't shrink after 2 washes, then pay just a little more.  I am used to buying XL shirts counting on the shrink factor.  But was told these would be good as large and they are.  couple washed in so far, no shrinking.  they feel a little different at the front of the shoulder, but nothing I worry about.  I've worn these both as under-shirts and as primary shirt and they look good and work nice for both.",
    "I love the Calvin Klein V-Necks undershirts and always wished that they offered colors other than the black, white or gray. Glad I ran across these on amazon.\n\nThese shirts are soft and tagless. They fit exactly as expected. Hoorah for color!!",
    "Incredibly soft and a perfect fit.  Washed one time and held up nicely.  Didn't get the sense that there was any shrinkage of the fabric - size stayed consistent with pre-wash sizing.  Really good fit and comfortable.  Perfect for jeans of khaki shorts.  Just classic all around.",
    "Good buy. Regular fit. Order received as expected. Nice packaging. Good value for money. Would recommend this to others looking for basic white tshirt",
    "good quality, and l like it very much, it was so soft.\nactually it was better as i expected, good.",
    "I ordered an XL as a gift but they fit small. So I inherited them. Nice to sleep in! Comfortable.",
    "this is a t-shirt. a white one. it's great. especaly for when you want to wear a white t-shirt. buy them if that's what you are looking for.",
    "I bought these shirts for my boyfriend who had purchased them for himself at another store a few years ago and liked them a lot.  These shirts are light yet durable and the fabric is super soft.  He loves them!  The only difference between these and the old ones he has is that the fabric is a bit thinner now, but it isn't bad quality, just different.  The comfort is what matters most, in my opinion.  They also have a pleasantly flattering fit!",
    "My nephew has used them a lot since I bought them. the fabric is soft, the fit doesn't change with washing and they just look nice",
    "The Calvin Klein t-shirts are cut well, the length is long enough to stay tucked in, and they hold up very well.  Best t-shirts I have ever used.",
    "I bought these for my husband. He wears white shirts all the time. I bought these for him. He loves them. They are light and comfortable.",
    "These T-shirts are a great value. Have been buying them over the years and find they hold up much better than other brands. And purchased through Amazon, they are a great deal as well.",
    "As underwear or not, these are a staple of my wardrobe. A little slim fitting but perfect for my body type.",
    "my husband absolutely love these shirts no more wet patch! Highly recommended to all men who wears business shirt on a daily basis.",
    "good size, good fabric and arrived promptly. it's a slim fit, so it fits perfectly. would buy again fort sure",
    "Excelente quede complacido con el producto, proximamente espero poder seguir realizando compras de este estilo, gracias por todo, Feliz Ao",
    "The packaging is intact and not damaged. The Asian fit to wear the minimum number clothes very personal, it is recommended that you buy!",
    "I have been wearing these for years because I like a light weight T shirt. If you are looking for a heavy T, this one is not for you.",
    "Great fit and quality as promised in the description.  Neckline fits nicely and length fits deeply into pants so that it doesn't come loose.",
    "They were a perfect fit on my boyfriend. Great birthday gift... he loved them;) I would definately buy them again!",
    "Its so good yes i love it i will prder it again nice to wear it its comftable on time",
    "the product that i buy is ok, is original, very good product, and the quality is very good, and im very satisfed with this buy",
    "I have tried all the other brands - Fruit of the loom, Hanes, DKNY etc and the CK shirts are the best quality, period.",
    "I buy these shirts all the time. They feel great under a dress shirt, and fit properly if you have an athletic physique.",
    "perfect fit! you can tell it was more expensive by the fabric and how it was tailored. came pretty quick. i have already ordered multiple times since the first time i bought a pack!",
    "Great quality shirts, they fit snug and are very soft.\n\nI bought it as a stocking stuffer and they can't stop raving about them. They want more more more!\n\nHave washed many times and they seem to hold their \"black\" well.",
    "I switch out the band on my Panama Hat depending on what I'm wearing, and how dressy I want to be...black for dressy, colors for more casual.. These are very high quality, and easy to change. The average person never realizes you are wearing the same hat...only having one hatband for your hat makes about as much sense as having only one tie for your suit. And, at this price, you should have several!",
    "Fits fine and easy to switch out if you want a different color band.",
    "The anchor hook came off the first one before I could get it on my husband's hat! The company immediately sent me another one. The second one went on without a problem. I recommend this company.",
    "worked great! it was just what i wanted and the color was just right for my hat that i have!",
    "Exactly what we needed to replace another band that came with the hat.",
    "It was a perfect fit for my husband's Tilley's hat .  It looks very nice and stylish.",
    "once i figured out how to put it on the hat' i loved it, I especially liked that it can be used over another hat band if i wanted to.  I don't but nice to have the option.",
    "A nice hatband to dress up my favorite old hat. It dresses the hat up nicely. But pay attention, the attachment pins (actually hooks) are very sharp. In spite of knowing this, I managed to hook the heel of my hand...Dooh! It came in on time and was just as described.",
    "This was perfect! I didn't like the band on a fedora I bought my husband to wear for our wedding. Took the other off and put this on. Piece of cake! Lookd sharp!",
    "Met expectations",
    "This fits fine and it looks as good as the original one. I would recommend this to any one that is replacing one with a name on it",
    "It works.  Fast delivery, no problems fitting it to a hat, especially if you can remove the old band first.",
    "Great seller! Received earlier than expected very nice quality.  Ordered another.",
    "Great hat band but I'm going to use it on a new olive green fedora.",
    "This style of hat band is perfect for my Panama Jack straw hat.  The old hat band was faded and stained with perspiration.  Thirty seconds was all it took to remove the old band and install the new one.  It looks great now.",
    "It fit as expected",
    "Had shorten  one inch From hat band ,Looking good.",
    "Fits and looks good.",
    "VERY GOOD",
    "Look good",
    "worked perfectly on an old straw head where the band needed replacing.",
    "Nice pleated band to purchase if you know anything about basic methods of securing the band to any quality made hat.",
    "I live in Denver and am outside all day in the summer, I have yet to get burnt on my face and neck.",
    "I was able to find buy and receive these socks quickly. They were perfect for our costumes and good quality for a good price.",
    "I bought these for a 'sexy' costume I intend to wear this year, and I was not disappointed! The product came brand-new and sealed with no damage to either sock. They're wrinkly from being packaged, but you can easily remedy that by letting them sit out for awhile before use. They breathe very well, and are sheer like pantyhose, so you shouldn't have a problem with wearing footwear. Also, they were cheaper here, and they came pretty fast! I would recommend this product and seller! :)",
    "My socks came very quickly. I like how they feel. I like the ribbon of lace at the top of the sock. They are very comfortable.",
    "Great fun socks to wear with a summer dress.  Adds pizzaz.  Love em.",
    "Just what I needed for a party",
    "Worked perfect for my and my bridesmaid's wedding socks! We wore a second pair of thicker socks over as the nylon was super thin, but they were fantastic!",
    "Comfortable and cute.",
    "cute",
    "Wore these for my 90s themed birthday party! They are very thin so I paired them with another pair of socks underneath.",
    "Really cute socks!  Am planning to wear them again during the upcoming holidays with heels.",
    "Went perfectly with my outfit !! Great purchase",
    "Perfect fit! Great price and they arrived on time for my Halloween party!",
    "Very cute & good quality",
    "I ordered these lace socks for my Dorothy costume - they are perfect!",
    "These are perfect for a porcelain doll costume I'm putting together. They add a little touch of girlish femininity to the whole thing. I have pretty small feet (size 5.5), but these fit perfectly and seem like they could stretch to accommodate most sizes. It's kind of a thick pantyhose material, so I'm not sure how long they'll last but they're great for now!",
    "sexy and cute all in one and she loves them!!",
    "Washed several times, holding up well. I never put in dryer.",
    "Very nice",
    "Super cute and the lace ruffle is wide so you can really see them!",
    "Really darling and very feminine.",
    "told that they were great",
    "Perfect for our sock hop",
    "The socks were a hit when I wore them with my 50' s outfit at a benefit to raise money for alzheimers disease.",
    "Good material brought me an unexpected feeling and nice experience. I'll buy again!\nI like the pure white socks very much!",
    "Super Pretty!!! Like hosiery with ruffles.",
    "Got this for my girl she love it",
    "Fit as expectectedcd so we ca be like lla and dance to the starts in the sky the felll so goood. Buy somedvabd you can join us an we dance acrrross the sky.  What fun. Do it with us",
    "perfect.",
    "Very frilly",
    "So Cute. I purchased them to wear at a 1980s party. The feel great and fits perfectly. Can't wait for the party to show them off.",
    "Soft nylon socks with lace trim, very comfortable.",
    "Super cute socks and comfortable, perfect for my 1950's themed train ride.",
    "nice fit",
    "Needed for a costume. Fit as expected.",
    "Sooooo cuuuuuuuute!!! I love them sooo, soo much!!\n\nBUY THEM!! NAOW!!!",
    "VERY SWEET, A LOT OF FUN.",
    "LOVE THESE!",
    "Just right for a theme party",
    "Very Nice!!  Gives you that extra little \"sissy\" to your outfit!!",
    "Very cute... I have large feet size 10... they were stretchy and adorable great price too... fast shipping ",
    "good quality and very cute.",
    "Cute n I like them....",
    "Completed my doll costume!",
    "perfect",
    "Very cute & sexy",
    "very cute for my 50\"s costume",
    "Went great with my outfit. Although they are sheer, they did not rip or have a run in them.",
    "Very nice and so cute.",
    "Good fit and good quality. Fast shipping also.",
    "Cute",
    "Very comfortable, elegant socks... Thin (comfy) material",
    "They're so cute, especially if you pull them up a bit to wear with short boots.",
    "Very cute socks! Fit my size 10 feet perfectly and are even a little longer than I expected having bigger feet! Very cute with any shoes (I love them with these black Mary Janes). So cute!",
    "Cute, cute for my Halloween costume this year.",
    "Perfect for my Halloween costume!",
    "Great and cheap",
    "fun socks!",
    "worked well for a retro shoot",
    "Super cute,  I used them for a 80's themed party they were a little thin but great",
    ":)",
    "So cute. Would buy more. Very good for the price.",
    "HOT, FUN",
    "I wear a size 7 and these fit perfectly. The material is more like thick tights so you get a form fit. I think this will fit women's shoe size 4-10 easily. Very Happy.",
    "Gift for granddaughter. She said they fit just right and loves the look.",
    "Nice",
    "good",
    "Super cute socks. Reminds me of my childhood. I wear these with ankle booties.  I love how these look with dresses",
    "These are perfect with my vintage outfits!",
    "Super cute, arrived extremely fast!",
    "Liked them alot",
    "So cute",
    "My wife loved this all because of the lace bit! Fit wonderful and she loves how these feel on her feet!!! Would buy again and again!",
    "Using for a Halloween Costume",
    "Super cute and decent quality.",
    "I already had a pair of these that I have owned for over ten years and are still in great shape, and decided to get a couple more to go with some Mary Jane shoes I bought.  They fit nicely, the ruffle is super pretty and holds up after many washings.  Unlike other ruffled ankle socks, the lace stays crisp and the nylon sock does not stretch out of shape and fall down.  I love them!",
    "I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas.  She's 16 but is into the Lolita style of dressing sometimes.  Anime' and all that stuff.  She loved these socks and my daughter said they were very good quality.  So....I'm glad I bought them for her.  She seems to be enjoying wearing them.",
    "Cute socks, and not a bad price for what they are. They were bought to match the Wizard Of Oz.",
    "Purchased for my teen aged daughter as Christmas stocking stuffer and she loved them.",
    "These are also too cute. I had ordered these to go with my daughters costume for Halloween and when I got them, they were just what I had Ordered.",
    "My wife absolutely loves these classic lace ruffle anklet socks. Perfect for any schoolgirl outfit. Soft, sexy, comfortable and a reasonable price.",
    "And all the compliments I get from other women my age who remember wearing them!  Great for wearing with a fun costume.",
    "Used it for a show and it went quite well, really glitzy. Only drawback is that the color of my shoe's innersole rubbed off on it, so they got stained but bleached out fine.",
    "Nicely made socks. They look very cute, I get compliments on them all the time.  I still wear them even after the party was over.",
    "These are super cute and very comfortable. The lace isn't cheap looking and the fit is good. Great for pageant queen Halloween costumes!",
    "I was looking for this kind of socks to wear on my wedding day! And they are perfect, exactly what i was looking for!. Good quality, comfortable, good price and delivered on time!",
    "I'm a sissy and these pretty socks are unmistakably sissy.  When a \"man\" wears these with heels and a skirt, he is an obvious sissyboy.  That's why I love these so much.  They are feminine and cute and they make any outfit stand out as just a little more adorable.",
    "I love this ring, I too was surprised at the thickness of the band......but it doesn't bother me.  Its really pretty and great quality.  I can't wait to add to my amber collection with more!",
    "My 8-year old son chose this ring for my Christmas present.  He got his Dad to help him with the ordering and payment.  When it arrived, I was not allowed to touch the box.  He wrapped it himself and kept it a secret until Christmas Eve. The ring was large and needed some adjustment.  I am thankful that my 20-year old son has strong fingers.  With one squeeze, he had it fitting perfectly.  I love it.",
    "<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Certified-Genuine-Multicolor-Amber-and-Sterling-Silver-Adjustable-Designer-Ring/dp/B000673JT6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Certified Genuine Multicolor Amber and Sterling Silver Adjustable Designer Ring</a>\n\nThis ring is very well made. It is absolutely stunning and very unique. I've never seen anything like it!",
    "I am so pleased with this ring. It is so unique & distinctive and more beautiful than the picture... I ordered the wrong size (too big) and called the company to see if I could get a replacement before I returned the other ring. The owner was fantastic... He immediately shipped me a new ring and I received it the very next day... I give Ian & Valeri 10 stars for service!!",
    "I adore this ring, the design is wonderful and the colors are magnificent. The band is fairly heavy, though, and I feel that it is best worn on an exterior finger, and definitely not next to a finger also wearing a ring.  All around a fantastic piece.",
    "This ring is awesome! I wear the ring on my index finger and it fits great! Comfortable ring.",
    "A very unusual ring with beautiful earth-colored amber pieces; it is adjustable and fits comfortably despite the fact that the band is somewhat bulky (it doesn't look it though). Combines nicely with most colors and styles due to the neutral tones and simple yet elegant shape.",
    "Ian Valeri Co is unmatched in truly unique jewelry design, quality, craftmanship, super price for these top-of-the-line products.  The amber is beautiful and is set in a polished finish. The smaller stones surrounding the larger set off the larger stones and the whole design is beyond UNIQUE.  A very substantial ring not prone to bending or denting. Exceptionally modern design just \"screams\" quality in design.  Love this ring and would HIGHLY recommend it to everyone.  Have purchased other jewelry from seller based on this ring, my first purchase.  ALL HAVE BEEN WORTH THEIR WEIGHT IN GOLD (OR SILVER)!!  Don't even hesitate...buy this ring and start enjoying it today!  LOVE IT!",
    "This is a beautiful ring, probably even more beautiful than the picture shows, because it glows in the light, and the colors are complementary.  I should comment that it is a heavy ring and that it is rather thick, so it is felt between the fingers.  If you are not used bigger rings, it may take time to adjust to it.",
    "If you love amber and unique design, then this is the ring for you.  As some reviewers have said, the band is not tapered and it's big - but the ring is substantial and you really do get used to the round band.  There are 3 different colors of amber - honey, butterscotch and green.  This is a very nice piece of jewelry without the high dollar price tag.  It took 2 days to arrive at my home, so they don't fool around when it comes to delivery of their product. Definitely lives up to 5 stars!!",
    "I've had my eye on this ring for a while.  Finally, last weekend I decided to buy it.  It arrived yesterday, and all I can say is WOW.  It's absolutely gorgeous.  The colors are beautiful and play the light very well (just wait 'til you see it in natural sunlight).  I wear it on my middle finger and it's comfortable.  What a unique piece of jewelry.  Don't hesitate to buy this ring--it's gorgeous and the price is right.",
    "I got this ring for Christmas and I love it--and it seems to match almost everything!  It's even lovelier in person and I've gotten tons of complements on it.  The only issue with the ring is that the band is very thick and makes it slightly uncomfortable on my hand.  However, I'm hoping to adjust to the ring soon because it is so pretty.",
    "I've been watching this ring for a long time.  When the price dropped I jumped on it.  I'm  happy I did. I specifically bought it to wear on my index or middle finger, I'm glad I did because its a little bulky for me to be wear on the ring finger.  I haven't tried it as a thumb ring, yet.  The day I ordered the ring I got an email saying it had been shipped.  I received the ring the next day!  Bonus!  Great ring and fast delivery.",
    "This was my favorite ring. I lost it. I hope some day I will find it but it has been missing for quite a while.\nThe ring itself is a bit thick, but that's the only negative thing I can think of. The stones are bigger than the rings I normally wear, but not too big. It's not easily adjustable, but I consider that to be a good thing. Rings that adjust easily also wear easily.\nIt reminded me of planets. It was like wearing planets on my finger.\n\nEDIT 10/27/2012:\n\nI FOUND IT! I FOUND IT! I JUST FOUND IT A FEW MINUTES AGO! I thought I had lost it in a hotel room four years ago but it must have actually fallen off when I was packing away some old baby clothes! It's a little tarnished after being in a box of stuff but it still looks great! :D",
    "This ring is as pretty as it appears in the picture and is nicely made.\nIt takes a little \"elbow grease\" to adjust but it does adjust nicely.\n\nVery happy with order.",
    "I ordered this ring for myself as an after tax season reward.  I kept looking at the website and finally ordered it, and boy am I glad I did.  The colors are fabulous and I haven't had a hard time adjusting it.  My only problem - my 21 year old daughter also fell in love with it, so now I may have to order another.  You will not be disappointed in the colors or the design of this gorgeous ring!",
    "I really LOVE this ring!  It is beautiful and unique; a very substantial band, which makes it really cool!  I have gotten tons of compliments on it and enjoy wearing it very much!  I would definately buy it again!!!",
    "Beautiful ring. I ordered a 7 and it is too big for left ring finger but fits right ring finger.  Going to order one for my mom.  Very unique.  Also ordered amber ring in 6. Fits left ring finger great.  All the items I ordered met or exceeded my expectations.",
    "This ring is beautiful!  I am very happy with it!  I had no difficulty adjusting it--I just squeezed it a little bit, and it first perfectly!  I wear it on my index finger. It is very comfortable.",
    "I am so picky about my jewelry, but I can't really afford much. However, when I saw this ring my heart skipped a beat - these are *my colors*!! and what a gorgeous ring for such a reasonable price!\nI just got the ring today and I am so pleased with it. I think perhaps the style isn't for everyone but that's a very good thing! I don't want the same jewelry as everyone else ;)",
    "I received this item for Christmas and was very pleased. It is very bold and moderately large, but I do like things like this sometimes. I love having the different types of amber (very pretty). Since it is a bigger ring, I would suggest you get this for an index or middle finger (unless you won't be wearing another ring on the same hand). I'd also not wear it right next to another ring as the silver band could get scratched. Size is pretty true, but the band is mildly adjustable - I was able to open the band a bit with some well-applied pressure (not easy, but possible). If you need to adjust this and are afraid of damage, take yours to a jeweler.\n\nI also have the earrings that match.",
    "The ring is pretty much as pictured (I assume amber stones will always vary slightly in color, inclusions, and clarity). As others have remarked, it is substantial (perhaps 8-10 gage), so if your fingers do not taper slightly toward the base, you might be uncomfortable.  The quality and level of finish look excellent to me. I think the price is great for what you're getting--you're probably not going to find something like this at the mall, and certainly not at this price. I love the design because it doesn't look like most other silver pieces you see--a rep from the company told me their pieces are designed and produced in Europe.\n\nBut I really want to comment on the customer service--it is exceptional!  I got my ring as a gift and it arrived Christmas Eve. Day. I don't know if it was the \"open\" nature of the ring or just a goof but it was too big for my finger, and the stones were already angled such that their mounts were touching, so I was nervous about adjusting it myself. I called up expecting to leave a message (because you don't exchange through Amazon, and they don't have a formal RMA/tracking process, which made me nervous--basically you return it with a letter explaining why) but not only did someone answer the phone, they also answered some questions and set up the exchange without having received the too-large one back first. I got my replacement ring on the 30th and I am very happy!",
    "I have been wearing berets for 40 years and have owned many, many berets and this is the best of the lot.",
    "I was looking for a beret style hat without all that floppy bulk hanging to one side or the other that many berets have. This is a well-constructed hat that fit those requirements and should last for a long time.",
    "Well made and stylish as described. My wife was extremely pleased with her purchase.",
    "Great quality. so happy.",
    "I liked the fit and was comfortable with the fact it wasn't floppy or foppish like some of the others I've tried.  True Hemingway look. :>))",
    "A fineberet indeed.  I put in on right away and its looks on.  I highly recommend this beret it's well made.",
    "Fit is true and look is classic. Quality is great compared with other budget brands. Rolls up well for stuffing in pocket or coat sleeve and keeps form when unrolled. Really nice hat. Feel like a million bucks in it.",
    "I was looking for something a little different, and this fit the bill. It turned out to be just what I had in mind and fits perfectly. Now if they have it in raspberry.",
    "I have never had handkerchiefs before so I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into.  But I wanted to stop wasting so much paper with facial tissues; so I figured I would give it a shot.\nWhen I received these, the seller got them to me faster than expected and I appreciate that, I was a little disappointed.  The seemed so thin.  I could see right through them, even when folded in half.  But they do the job great.  And being thin they easily go into a pocket without being bulky.  I would recommend them to anyone that is looking for a handkerchief for environmental, or any other, reasons.",
    "Handkerchiefs are perfect.  Service and shipping the best.  I highly recommend this vendor working through Amazon.",
    "The handkerchiefs are very nice looking & a good size. I didn't realize they weren't 100% cotton, but they seem to be absorbing adequately,",
    "THE HANDKERCHIEFS ARE OF EXCELLENT QUALITY. I WOULD NOT HESITATE TO BUY MORE OF THEM",
    "Unlike cotton handkercheifs, these won't shrink and wrinkle in the wash.  It's nice to know that I can still find permanent press handkercheifs on Amazon.  Fast shipping too!",
    "This chain is beautiful and I was thrilled to find a 22\" length as it is not commonly found in stores.  I plan to use it to hold a charm holder and charms which I haven't been able to wear for some time because I couldn't find the length I wanted.",
    "This is a beautiful necklace.  My 14-year old wears it with a charm all the time; its very sturdy and a great value for the price.  It goes very well with any type of charm; very very pleased with this piece.",
    "Good quality and great price. I added a silver charm and it made a great gift. I bookmarked your site so I can order more in the future.",
    "This is a sturdy chain that's quite comfortable - I wear it 24/7 . Also, the price is much better  than I could find locally.",
    "This is a beautiful chain. I have bought several of them in different lengths. I would recommend this chain\nto anyone. You will not be disappointed.",
    "Got 5 of these to go along with initial pendents I purchased for my bridesmaids. They were even more beautiful than they were in the picture. I can't wait to give it to them at my October wedding!",
    "The chain is beautiful and very shiny.  It goes perfectly with the cross pendant I purchased for him for Valentines day. It doesn't pull on his hair, it is the perfect length and is stands out nicely with his work clothes.  I would reccommend this product to anyone!",
    "I was pleased with the quality of the chain, however based on the picture I thought it would be slightly thicker. All in all a very good buy.",
    "I bought two chains. One for my mother and mother in law to hold birthstone pendants I had purchased for them for mother's day. The chains are beautiful and go great with the pendants I chose. They came very quickly. So quickly in fact that I may just buy another one for my grandmother for mother's day.",
    "There are somethings that I just wouldn't ordinarily order on-line and jewelery is one of them.  I took a chance and ordered the Italian Box Link Chain Necklace, and I was blown away by the quality of the Sterling Silver chain that I received.  I looked around at several jewelers and for the money, you can't beat the price that this seller is offering, not to mention the fact that the item arrived way before I expected it in perfect condition!  I will buy from this seller again due to the quality of the necklace and the service.",
    "I have been looking all over for silver necklace chains and could not find anything that would good enough.  So I decided to explore on Amazon and came across these.  As soon as I saw these and read the reviews from other customers, I knew they would be perfect!!  I just bought the charm part (a break in half big sis lil sis) of a necklace for my little sister who turns 12 next month so I was in need of getting necklace chains.  I received them in the expected arrival due date, in perfect condition!  I would GREATLY recommend this chain to any other individual who is looking to purchase a chain.  I could not ask for anything better!  Thank you!!",
    "This is a beautiful chain especially for the price.  I liked that I could order just the length I wanted and the service was first rate.  I will be buying from this company again!",
    "For what I paid this is a high quality chain for a great deal. It's important to me to have chains with different widths/lengths to choose from for my many pendants. This chain is sturdy, shiny and cleans easily (a plus for silver). Would definitely buy again :)",
    "this is a beautiful box chain, bought it to go with a pendant I bought for my wife for our 40th wedding anniversary It looks perfect with pendant... Great product",
    "I received that product as stated in the description within four days. The chain itself is very sturdy and looks fantastic. It was perfect for hanging a charm I had purchased for a friend. The clasp is strong and I would definitely recommend buying from Gem Avenue. I would make this purchase again.",
    "I have lived in Italy for 3 years, and let me tell you I know the quality of real Italian jewelery. When I received this chain, It was the same quality as in San Marino, 8 years ago. My wife is very happy.\n\nAAA+ Product\n\nThank you!",
    "This chain was very nice, delicated, yet strong. I Used it to hold a large pendent.  I like the look of the box link, and it is comfortable, not getting my hair caught in it.",
    "These guys are great!! Last min. I had to contact the seller to change the size of my girlfriends necklace, and they did it so quickly. The response time was great.  Fast shipping!!! Came in a nice little box and my girlfriend love the necklace!! It looked so great on the charm that I got her!! She liked it alot and said that for the price we should get 3 or 4 next time!  It does not get tangled in her hair like the last necklace she had!! It looks great and it was nice and small!! Perfect for her nice charm!! This is a nice quality product and great shipping from the seller!! Thanks!! Grade A++++++++",
    "Ordered a 20\" and 22\".  Very nice quality, will order again.  Would definitely recommend",
    "This is a great product.  I have never before seen chains of this quality for such low prices!  And even though the prices are low, the product is not cheap quality.  The chain is very pretty and durable.  I've had mine for a while now and I've not seen any visible wear or tarnish on it.  I exchange the chain between several different pendants and it works and looks great!  Highly recommend this product.",
    "I'm not sure what people are expecting when you pay less than $10 for a chain, but what I received were some delicate, beautiful chains meant to be worn for occasions with a pendant, not everyday rough use. Thanks for the timely shipping and nice product.",
    "the chains i received are very beautiful.  They came in separte packages.  Shipping was quick.",
    "I bought this necklace to go with a pendant I already had and I couldn't be happier with it!! I assumed because the price was so low that it would probably not be what I was looking for but I was pleasantly suprised when I opened the package! It is a beautiful chain and feels sturdy enough that I don't worry when I wear it to bed or to the gym! Anyone looking for a simple, sturdy chain should check this out!!",
    "I love this necklace.  I needed a replacement chain for my favorite necklace and this has been perfect.  It's beautifual and I've gotten several compliments on it!",
    "I absolutely love this chain, and am extremely pleased with it. I also am pleased with the very fast and excellent service I received. I intend to buy more of these chains, for some pendants I have. They are an excellent buy!!",
    "I needed a nice, inexpensive chain for a charm I received. This chain was beautiful and very sturdy. I was very pleased with every aspect of the chain.",
    "The chains were for my grand daughters, so I'm very picky about the quality.  They don't contain the harmful chemicals that are found in the extremely cheap chains, so I know their health will not be put in jeopardy.  The quality of these chains is excellent!  They are strong and very beautiful!  My grand daughters had some charms they wanted to wear and these chains are perfect! I will definitely purchase these chains again when needed!",
    "I bought this chain for my 24 year old daugther.  We BOTH loved it...although it appears to be delicate, it's well made and will support any pendant my daughter chooses to display on it.  The size of the chain is perfect.  Thank you so much!\n\nA pleased customer!",
    "I love this chain!  It's a super value and a very strong, good quality piece. I ordered one to replace a flimsy chain for a necklace/charm and loved it so much that I ordered another for myself and one for my mother.  There was a small problem with one clasp but the seller handled the return easily and swiftly.  I'll definitely purchase more of these box chains.",
    "I was very satisfied with this product and with the vendor.  I received just what I ordered and I received it in a very timely manner; much faster than I had anticipated.",
    "My husband bought this chain for me.  It's lovely - and just the right size to add small charms.  I have bought several items from Gem Avenue and my experience has been great.  They sell quality merchandise and what you see is exactly what you get.",
    "this was excellent. i purchased this chain for a pendent (also purchased from this seller) and it looked great. this made a great gift and my girlfriend loved it!",
    "Chain is beautiful in person.  The picture does not give it justice.  All good experiences with this seller!",
    "I ordered this necklace for my mom for christmas and I was so surprised at how nice and shiny it was and just the overall quality of the necklace.  She has had issues with other necklaces breaking and this necklace she absolutely loves, it's very durable.  I would definitely recommend to anyone it's more beautiful than in the pics.",
    "I received a lovely necklace for Christmas, but wanted a slightly longer chain.  I was able to get a perfect match for the original chain in the length I needed.  It is beautiful, great quality.  It shines so beautifully.  I'm considering ordering another chain from this company just because they are so lovely.",
    "My daughter just loves this necklace I got her.  Strong and durable.  To bad I'm not a better sizer, almost to tight for her neck.",
    "These chains are lovely and an excellent value.  I bought them to replace the base metal chain that come with a religious medal.  It is a nice, strong chain.  Thanks!",
    "I recently bought an 18\" for myself... When I got it home, it was beautiful... Nice and sturdy, not thin at all. A very nice chain! I recommend this to everyone!",
    "I purchssed this chain to go with a beautiful cross I bought for my handicapped sister.  It is not only beautiful, but sturdy.  Thank you",
    "I got this for my mom for Christmas and she loved it! I've order jewelry from this company before and they never disapoint!!",
    "I bought three 14 inch chains for my granddaughter's birthstone charms.  The chains are flexible, shiny and easy for pre-teen girls to put on and take off.  I'd recommend these to anyone.",
    "I purchased one of these to go with a charm as a Christmas gift for my mother.  I ordered it rather late, but it arrived on time and she loves it.  It's good quality and I will most likely purchase one for myself sometime soon.",
    "Looking to pick up replacement chain for my wife. Surprised by how cheap the price was....didn't know what to expect. Chain arrived and was perfect, much better quality than what was being replaced, and the clasp (which broke on the one being replaced) was high quality and easy to use. Extremely satisfied.",
    "I purchased this item for my daughter to wear with a charm picture of her son.  The chain makes the look.  It is of great quality and really makes the whole look expensive and well done.\n<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Sterling-Silver-1-MM-Italian-Box-Link-Chain-14-16-18-20-22-24-30-Necklace/dp/B0006HB4XE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14\" 16\" 18\" 20\" 22\" 24\" 30\" Necklace</a>",
    "Ordered a 16\" chain and very happy with it. It's very thick and nice looking, definitely worth the price.",
    "These chains are better than I expected.  They are a nice weight and so brilliant they sparkle.  I bought four to place charms on for Christmas gifts, but will buy more when I need gifts in the future.",
    "i bought this necklace for my 6 year old daughter. it was her first necklace so i wanted something that would be durable for a very active little girl. She absolutely LOVES it!!! It holds up to sleeping in it AND playing with it on. She has 2 brothers and believe me they play hard, rolling around on the floor inside and the grass outside, jumping on the trampoline and all. We have had for a little bit now and it does not have a crinkle in it. Still looks as good as the day we bought it, and still shiny! I definitely recommend this necklace for anyone that is active and needs something to withstand day to day activities.",
    "I ordered this chain to specifically use with a very beautiful sterling silver cross.  I was very pleased when I received it as it matched so closely with the cross you would swear it came with it.  It is made very well, the clasp is responsive and easy to open and close.  I am extremely happy with it and recommend it highly.  It can be worn alone, with other chains or, as I have done, worn with a very special cross, religious medal or other sterling silver pendants.",
    "I haven't honestly gave it as a gift yet but it seems to be a great item. I bought it for my wife for Christmas. I am hoping that it all goes well.",
    "I bought two of these chains and couldn't be more pleased.  They are beautiful in quality and they were shipped delicately and quickly.  This amazon seller is outstanding.  A pleasure to do business with.  I would recommend to anyone needing to make a jewelry purchase to do so with this seller.",
    "I bought this necklace for myslef because it is bright and it is noticed all the time.  It is durable as well.  It can hold some weight as well.  It stays bright.  Just the right length as well.  There is nothing negative that comes to mind about this necklace.  I will end up ordering more of these because I do need two more.",
    "A very nice chain at a nice price too.  Bought for my daughter to put charm on; if she needs another, this is where I'll buy!",
    "I bought this chain for a present.  It shipped and was received way before I expected.  It is sturdy and very nice for a man or woman.",
    "I've purchased 3 of 24\" Sterling Silver Necklace chains now from Gem Avenue. In each case I was replacing a much smaller chain. They are all high quality, in perfect condition and look wonderful. As a bonus, Gem Avenue was a pleaseure to buy fromas I received my product far quicker than they estimated.",
    "Very nice chain, very shiny and a VERY good price. I don't think you'll be dissapointed.",
    "I was very Pleased with the necklace. Of course so much better looking than the photo can show. But it does a pretty good job of showing how pretty it is. Truly love the silver box that comes with. Makes it so nice & easy when gift giving, as I usually do. I will most certainly be purchasing more items. Thank you for your quality items. Robin Griffin.",
    "I bought these to put pendents on for my children as part of our wedding ceremony. They are perfect weight and complimented the pendent perfectly. I bought 3 of these and they arrived quickly. Procrastination can be a downfall when ordering online. These came in just a few days. The silver boxes made it easy for me to \"marry\" the pendents with the chains and then put them back into the boxes to be presented on our wedding day.\nThank you",
    "I DIDN'T BUY THE CHAIN FOR MYSELF. I'M GIVING IT TO SOMEONE FOR CHRISTMAS WITH A\nCHARM TO MAKE A PENDANT. SILVER CHAINS ARE EXPENSIVE AND I HAD ALREADY DONE MOST OF\nMY CHRISTMAS SHOPPING FOR THIS PERSON ALL I WAS LACKING WAS A CHAIN. I SHOPPED ONLINE AND IT LOOKED LIKE I WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO GET HER A CHAIN TOO EXPENSIVE SO I FOUND THIS ONE AND BOUGHT IT. THANKS",
    "Gem Avenue was very prompt in their shipment and the price for the jewelry was very reasonable. The piece is what you would want, beautiful, but sturdy. I have confidence in Gem Avenue and would certainly shop there again, especially for large colored CZ jewelry, which I really enjoy. Everything from Gem Avenue has been gorgeous!",
    "The only thing I can say I'd prefer different is a lobster clasp as this one is small and hard to put on with nails. But it is hands down the best price on a sterling silver quality chain and I will return to this seller for more items :) I cannot wear gold or platinum, as it turns my skin black on contact-so since I like quality, great silver and awesome buys always make me a very hapopy girl :) I recieved this as a gift and was very pleased :)",
    "After buying this necklace I tried this on myself and found the ease it has of sliding it on and off when I need to do so. This necklace well designed and has real class. I highly recommend this to anyone in need of a necklace.",
    "I bought this chain to go along with a necklace that I purchased, and I think it accented it quite nicely. It wasn't too thick, or too thin. It seemed very durable, and it being made of sterling silver will ensure it doesn't leave any weird discoloration.\n\nAside from all of that, it's CHEAP. I'm getting ready to buy another one pretty soon.",
    "The picture does not show how pretty and delicate the necklace is. It looks very expensive. You can't find anything this nice for such a reasonable price in a store. LOVE IT!!",
    "The chain came just as described in a cute little silver box :) It's in excellent condition and I can tell that it's high quality! Definitely worth it for the price! I got the 16'but, I wish I would have gotten the 18' so it could be a bit longer. The 16' is too short for my style but still high quality!",
    "I was extremely pleased with the sterling silver chain I purchased.  It was exactly what I wanted.  Thank you.",
    "Very beautiful chain! bought it for a gift but may keep it for myself. LOL",
    "I ordered this chain for my 10 year old niece.  I already had a pendant.  OMG! She loves, loves, loves it.  It's very sparkly.  She wears it all the time.  It's very sturdy.  Great Product.  Thanks.",
    "This necklace was perfect for the charm i bought for my girlfriend. It was the perfect size. thanks",
    "First, I want to say I was shocked when this chain arrived so quickly. I even rechecked my orders on Amazon. This is a gorgeous chain. It is femine but very strong. The shine is great but not cheap looking. It is a very good looking and sturdy chain. I was going to make a necklace to sell out of it but have it on right now without any kind of pendant on it. You don't need a pendant on it for it to look beautiful. Best investment and I am going now to order some more in different lengths.",
    "I haven't worn necklaces in years, and I bought a pendant at a flea market which needed a chain.  The one I bought with the pendant broke within a week.  I am an amazon junkie so naturally that's where I went to find a new one.  I came across this chain and ordered one.  It arrived early (the vendor graciously took it upon themselves to ship it priority mail at no extra charge) and it was perfect.  I had 2 other pendants that I've been waiting to wear but haven't so I went back and ordered 2 more chains.  I would highly recommend this seller and product to anyone in search of a well-priced quality necklace.",
    "I purchased the 30\" chain -- it's very pretty and delicate, and a good value for the price.",
    "I bought this necklace for my boyfriend. He thought I had spent alot of money on this chain. This chain is very well made and for the price you can't be it. It went well with the pendant I bought for him and it's a great deal.",
    "I bought this along with a pendant and the shipping was great. When the items came in I was thrilled, the chain is beautiful and the pendant looks great hanging from it.",
    "I love this chain!  It is the perfect lenth and I love the box look.  It is exactly what I wanted!  Thanks!",
    "I bought this chain for my mom for mothers day and she loved it! The chain looks very nice and goes great with her charms.",
    "We bought these chains to go with a pendant for mothers day.  They arrived before we expected and were great with the pendant.",
    "Beautiful link chain purchased as a gift for a cross pendant. Great quality and wonderful service from seller!",
    "This chain is very pretty, could be worn with or without a charm. Fast delivery, great price, would highly recommend this chain.",
    "Awesome! I wanted super bright 18'' silver chain, as I own darker one, and it didn't match my new charms. It's gorgeous, arrived fast in cute little box. LOVE IT! I also ordered 14'' and it was about 13 3/4\", but it still ok for me.",
    "I absolutely love this item! Wish there was something longer but this works great! Surely worth it and really satisfied!!! =) HIghly recommend!",
    "I NEEDED A LONGER CHAIN FOR ONE OF MY CHARMS, SO I ORDERED THIS NECKLACE, THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO IT JUSTICE, IT'S A BEAUTIFUL CHAIN THAT LOOKS LIKE A DIAMOND CUT, VERY CLASSY.  I WAS VERY IMPRESSED AND AT THIS PRICE IT IS THE PERFECT GIFT ITEM FOR JUST ABOUT ANYONE.  I RECEIVED THE NECKLACE WITHIN A COUPLE OF DAYS AND STRONGLY RECOMMEND.",
    "I have made many purchases from Gem Avenue over the past several years.  I purchased this silver chain in 2 different lengths and love them.  I have also purchased pendants, earrings etc. from them in the past.  I have always recieved my purchases quickly and without any hassle and have always been very happy with all of my purchases.",
    "The chain is just the right thing to accent several of my pieces.  Good stuff!",
    "The chain is great, nice and strong. Good clasp and it was shipped and arrived very quickly.",
    "I have purchased six silver chains, various sizes.  To describe in one word, they are \"silky.\"  Very rich looking,, they enhance any pendant or charm you put on them.  Very sturdy in quality, very delicate in appearance.",
    "This was an absolute great buy! I purchased it for my father to put a cross on. When we got it, not only was it the perfect length, it matched the dazzle of the cross. He wears it everyday, and really loves it! It is a truly quality product, and dealing with the seller was an enjoyable experience.",
    "I needed a chain to put my Christopher Reeve Go Forward Superman dogtag on, and this works perfectly! Plus, it comes in a nice looking box, and the chain itself has a nice shine to it!",
    "I bought 4 of these for my girlfriend and we BOTH absolutely love them! Received them rather quickly to boot (U.S. Mail, 3 days from coast-to-coast which was a pleasant surprise) and all items were packaged nicely! These chains are EXACTLY as advertised and appear to be high quality!! Thank you!!!!",
    "Perfect length and an overall great chain, exactly as described.  Arrived very quickly. thanks!",
    "I purchased these for my two small granddaughters to put a small silver cross on.  They will be given to them in April on their birthdays.  They are very pretty.",
    "most chains are going to eventually break. ive paid a lot for some and they always break, if this last 6 months it will be worth it and it looks like it will last a lot longer.",
    "It was exactly what I was looking for. Very beautiful chain. I was very pleased with the quality and the value.",
    "Item was great quality and came promptly.  I'm very happy with it and recommend it unreservedly.",
    "I ordered two of these sterling silver box link chains and when they arrived, I was very surprised at the quality, the careful packaging and fast delivery service. One chain was for me and one was a gift. The recipient loved the gift as did I. I will order more jewelry from this great company.",
    "I got this chain in the 30\" length along with several pendants from Gem Ave.  I love this chain, it looks nice and is really tough.  I am kind of hard on chains and was worried about buying one online without seeing it.  I could not be happier and the price is great.",
    "I bought three of these chains for my daughters.  They really look nice, the metal has a nice shimmer to it and I am very pleased with the sturdiness of the clasp.\n\nThese are a great value and I highly recommend them.",
    "My daughter passed away awhile back,and the only thing I have of her's is a dolphin pendent. I bought this chain for it. It added alot of beauty to my memories of giving her that dolphin. I will order jewelry!",
    "Every once in a while, you find finely crafted silver-work at a ridiculously low price and Gem Avenue is one of those rare finds.  I've bought several of their sterling silver chains, including 2 box links, and the quality exceeded all my expectations in each case.  The chains are sturdy, yet maintain their smooth flexibility over time. There is no \"play\" between the links and, though all are fine guage, even the thinnest has a heft that just feels \"expensive\" (kind of like the sound and solid feel of the closing of an expensive car door).  The clasps easily slide into their housing and the spring is taut yet easy to manage with no \"hanging\".\n\n  I personally own only 1 box link chain, one my kids bought me about 10 years ago in a little specialty shop. It was just the right size for me (about 1/16th\" thick link), heavy, and cost $150.00 at the time.  I know, I swallowed my tongue, too.  But it was a very special celebration and came from their hearts with a little help from Mom.  Definitely a stretch on our budget but they felt the chain was important (and I bring it up as a comparative price for fine Sterling 10 years ago). But afterward I learned that there were roving silver artists who sold their work for whatever was necessary to build their business.  We just had to trip over them if we found them at all in this city or that.  Certainly, today you can find cheaply priced silver chains any number of places but, likely as not, you end up with a cheaply constructed chain, possibly even an overlay or plating, links that kink or break, clasps that don't quite \"seat\" properly or fail altogether.  Gem Avenue is the smooth ride on tarmac after a juddering of a day driving over rock-strewn.  These craftsmen take obvious pleasure and pride in their silver-work and it does show.  And to beat it all, they're pricing this fine sterling as if it was costume jewelry.  Oh, and they thoughtfully toss in a nice little jewelry box for each chain purchased.  Why spend so much time reviewing a few silver chains?  Heaven knows if there were problems with the products we'd see postings in those CAPITAL LETTERS with which some express their fury that something was not to their liking.  When a company obviously cares about their products and seems to see each silver chain as a representative of their company, as this company appears to, the suits need to know that the people doing the actual creative work are doing a cut above and that brings back repeat and new customers via referral and \"through the grapevine.\n\nYou will be quite happily surprised with what you buy here. Always a fine experience.\n\nVery Best Regards,\nCycat",
    "Beautiful chain, sturdy, shiny, elegant.\nI love Gem Avenue and their products, I will definately continue to buy from them!",
    "I ordered two of the 18\" silver box chains.  First, they arrived in record time (I ordered from Gem Avenue) and each were packaged securely and boxed separately. The chains are exactly what I was hoping to receive.  They are sturdy without looking cheap (and actuallly look very expensive).  They hang nicely and the clasp looks well made.  I have two silver pendants that I like to wear often so it was important to get a chain for each that would withstand daily wear.  Additionally, I have long hair which can sometimes be problematic when wearing chains.  My hair can get caught in a clump near the clasp or I can inadvertantly break the chain when brushing my hair.  I chose the \"box\" type chain and this type of clasp for these reasons as it's the strongest chain available while still looking dainty.  I'm very pleased with both the quality and the price.  I tried to get the same kind of chain at our local department store and it was twice as much.  You won't be disappointed!",
    "this is just what my wife needed to replace a chain with broken clasp. very nice chain, excellent price.",
    "I bought three of these and am extremely pleased with the quality.  They are exactly what I was looking for and I would recommend them to anyone!",
    "I bought 2 of these chains for my daughter and her BFF, we added to them BFF pendants they wear half each.  These really are nice quality chains and I am very pleased with them, plus they were not over the top in price.  They came in perfect condition and on time.  I will be using this seller again and recommend them to anyone looking for good quality jewlery and great service.",
    "Was very pleased with this necklace. It was exactly what I wanted. In fact I plan to order another one in a different length.\nReceived very fast...would order from again.",
    "Great Chain.  Being a box chain, I don't have to worry about losing any pendant I wear on this chain.  It is also a lovely, classy looking chain",
    "This is a wonderful Chain! Exactly what I was looking for!! It is so pretty and just great! Shipped really quickly also!",
    "I bought a nice locket for my youngest daughter for Christmas, but the chain that came with it was too delicate and she was afraid it might break. We picked out this chain and she just loves it! It is very attractive with the locket and she feels confident that it will last.\nThanks.",
    "This product is perfectly made and exactly what I was looking for in a necklace to hold my favorite cross charm that I wear all the time.  Strongly recommend to any one looking for this type of product.",
    "I bought several of this chains in various lengths.  They are well made, delicate but strong enough for everyday use. A really good value.",
    "I got this necklace for my autistic daughter who is extremely hard on her jewelry.  This is a beautiful and sturdy necklace without having to double reinforce to prevent breakage with a different clasp.  Clasp and nedklace still intact, beautiful quality, and GREAT PRICE!!",
    "This was a beautiful box chain & the cost was very affordable. Service was also very prompt. I just love it!",
    "This was purchased for my mother-in-law's birthday.  A charm was also purchased at the same time.  She loved both the chain and the charm.  Great Price, Good quality...satisfied buyer and happy recipient!  Super fast delivery too!  Definitely will purchase from again.",
    "Delicate but perfect for lighter  weight pendants.  Everything, including delivery date was as advertized.",
    "I'm so pleased with this chain. I had to guess my size and I got the perfect one (not that it has anything to do with the chain, I was just shocked that it fit). The chain seems sturdy enough that it will last me a while. The price was great and the shipping was fast!",
    "The chain i purchased is absolutely stunning to say the least and was extremely easy to purchase. It was shipping to me very quickly even though i paid for standard shipping. I'll definately buy from Gem Avenue again in the future.",
    "I bought this necklace as a gift for a 19 year old girl and she just loved it! I would buy this again for others!",
    "I found the quality of the chain to be better than I had expected due to the affordable price. It's very elegant and classy. I would recommend this product to anyone, just be wary of the size, might not fit someone with large proportions",
    "This necklace was purchased for a Christmas present.  My sister loved it and it holds the pendant well .",
    "I bought this as a gift for my 9 year-old daughter.  She loves it, and the 14 inch chain is the perfect length!  Great quality, great seller!  Will purchase from them again!",
    "I bought this chain as a gift for my daughter to put a lovely charm on. She was thrilled with the gift.",
    "The necklace was beautiful and very well priced.  I went to a store to find a similar chain and could not beat the value I found online.  Thanks again for the great quality of this product for an excellent price!",
    "This is truly a beautiful necklace!  So elegant looking and yet so comfortable!  I know the receipient will just love it with the pendant that will go with it.",
    "I really like this chain. It is very comfortable, doesn't tangle easily, has a secure clasp and looks great. It would make a great gift. I will be ordering more at various lengths as the chain will compliment several necklaces I already have. Amy",
    "I bought this to go with a sterling cross for my girlfriend.  It is exactly what I wanted and at a great price!  The clasp is sturdy and the chain itself is of good quality.  I would certainly purchase again.",
    "I ordered this item and received it right after Thanksgiving. The necklace are beautiful and the service was great.",
    "It's cheap and looks very nice.\nFeels sturdy.\nThe necklace was a good buy!",
    "This is a very attractive chain. Its sturdy and looks great w/ the cross pendant i bought for it. Thanks",
    "I recieved my 24inch. necklace earlier then expected. Its a beautiful necklace and very sturdy! would def order from again.",
    "I make my own jewelry and own many pendants so it is hard to find what i want in a high quality....Well i found it and i am very pleased and plan on getting many more in a bunch of lengths so thank-you for the quality.",
    "I bought my daughter 8, a necklace for Christmas, but the chain was so thin, I was looking for a thicker chain that looked nice and would be harder to break, I found this necklace, I am beyond happy with the look, quality and strength, I think this necklace will be perfect for anyone and any age, I will be comming back and buying again\nThanks",
    "The chain was delivered quickly and is very attractive.  The chain is of good quality and holds a pendant well.",
    "I received my necklace today as a gift to myself. It came properly packaged and the service was excellent. To my surprise this necklace looks dainty and sparkly, but undeniably strong at the same time. I will be buying different lengths of this 1MM Italian box style and putting charms on them. I got the 30\" and it fits perfectly. Beautiful indeed, I highly recommend such an excellent deal on very fine silver.",
    "I have purchased sterling silver online before, but this italian box chain was a great deal.  The quality was excellent and the price was\nexceptional. And the fact that it is available in at least 7 lengths is\nrare.",
    "This is a lovely necklace. I especially like that the seller offers it in different sizes.",
    "I needed the right silver chain for a pendant that I'd purchased my mother for Christmas. To be honest I didn't expect much, and felt like I was taking a chance by ordering it from a vendor on Amazon. Much to my surprise I was completely wrong. This chain shipped very quickly, was packaged really nicely, and was in excellent condition. It actually added a sparkle to the pendant instead of the other way around, and the length was exactly what I'd requested. I'll definately do business with this seller again.",
    "I bought 5 silver chains to go on some museum pieces i bought for 5 great granddaughters.  They truly exceeded my expectations, the price was great, but they were so beautiful and well made.  loved the lobster clasp.  i was so pleasantly surprised.",
    "I ordered the 30\" silver necklace. It is well worth the money. I receive lots of compliments each time I wear it.  It was exactly as described and shipped very fast!",
    "This is a beautiful chain, that my Girlfriend now Fiancee absolutely loves. Price was right , shipping was fast and Seller has it down. Thank You and I will be a return shopper.",
    "I am quite pleased with this necklace.  It is solid and nice looking.  I was nervous about purchasing sight unseen, but it is just as nice looking as the picture.",
    "Recieved this lovely little chain and it was just what I wanted.  I ordered the 14 inch chain for my grandaughter and it will be perfect for her little charm.  Seems to be sturdy and durable but feminine.  Would recommend it to everyone!",
    "I gave this chain to my girlfriend to replace one that had broken.  The chain is well made and looks to be a beautiful piece of jewelry.  Her eyes lit up when she opened it so it must be pretty good.  The price is very reasonable and the shipping speed was blazing.  Great product, great seller.",
    "I ended up ordering three of these silver necklaces in different sizes. The necklaces are great and the service was extremely fast. All in all a very good deal.",
    "Lovely chains,good price,tracking info provided timely, and very fast delivery. Very pleased with my shopping experience and will definitely purchase from this seller again.\n\nI purchased these chains (20 and 22 inch) to hold religious medals which involved travel to the Vatican to have them personally blessed by Pope Benedict so the medals are close to irreplaceable.\n\nI am impressed that though the chains have just the right appearance of style and delicacy, they are very strong (I rarely take them off and have slept, played tennis, and gone swimming with them on).\n\nI recommend these chains and plan to purchase several more.",
    "I have ordered quite a few of these chains already and probably will order more...they're perfect!",
    "It is a very nice and sturdy chain, the clasp is big enough to open/close with no difficulty. Looks good, very bright and shiny.",
    "This is just what I was looking for.  So many silver chains are overpriced.  This is slender, beautiful, and perfect for adding whatever charm, locket, or decoration you would like to create.  It ships quickly and would be perfect for Christmas presents!  I love the fact that it's available in a number of lengths!",
    "<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Attractive-Sterling-Silver-1-MM-Italian-Box-Link-Chain-14-16-18-20-22-24-30-Necklace/dp/B0006HB4XE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14\" 16\" 18\" 20\" 22\" 24\" 30\" Necklace</a>&nbsp;What a beautiful chain for a great price!  I bought this chain to wear with different pendants that I have.  It is strong, wears well, and is a great addition to my everyday jewelry.  This chain would be a great gift for any lady, young or old.  I definitly will buy many more.",
    "I was looking for a replacement silver chain for a pendant I own.  This is just the right length and weight, and so far, no complaints on durability or snagging on clothing.  I plan to order 2 more in other lengths - at these prices, you cannot miss!",
    "I have purchased several sterling silver Italian box link chains from Gem Avenue. They are beautiful chains for an extremely reasonable price. It is thin enough to be comfortable, but thick enough not to break. No complaints, highly recommended! Would definitely do business with this company again! Thank You!",
    "I never take my jewelry off, I wash with it, and play with it...I have broken so many chains it's not funny. Most necklaces and bracelets come with chains that if you sneeze wrong it's broken and the clasps are a joke most of the time. Another reason why I stick with sterling silver now.\n\nThis chain so far looks like it will go the distance, and if it lasts a year with me then you can be sure it is quality! I will let you know. SO far it's been a month which is still pretty good for most chains.",
    "I bought this chain to go with a pendant I got from another jewler. The pendany was expensive, the chain was not but they go together beautifully.",
    "Since it was Gem Avenue, I knew I couldn't go wrong.  I have many pendants and this one will show them off!  The links and clasp are great for me.  The chain itself is beautiful - I have another one for either a gift to give or to wear alone.",
    "I needed a 22\" chain, so I bought this one and another one.  This one was by far my favorite of the two!  It is just what I wanted: delicate without being fragile, and not overly shiny.",
    "I bought this cause the pendant I bought came with an 18\" inch chain which I thought was a bit small for my neck.  I bought this in 24\" and it is the perfect size and great looking.",
    "This is a great purchase for anyone needing chains for pendants or charms or just to have on hand for backups.  A good price and whichever size you need - saves a lot of time looking for the right length.  Well recommended.",
    "great customer service, very informative, chain actually more beautiful in person than pictured! bought as a quick replacement to a Tiffany's chain that had become tarnished, just as beautiful.",
    "This is exactly what I was looking for, good quality at a great price. Shipping was fast and the item was nicely packaged.\nI would definately order again.",
    "The chain is very good quality. I like that it comes in a little gift box and in a little clear bag to protect the chain. And it's the perfect length.",
    "This silver chain is a surprising value. It is well-made, good quality, and very elegant on your neck.",
    "I recently ordered and received a 30\" 1 mm Italian Box Link chain from Gem Avenue.  I was very pleased about three things:  #1)The customer service was great.  #2)The box chain advertised was exactly as described -excellent quality, beautiful. 3)The price of such a nice quality chain was just too good to be true!  My overall experience with both Gem Avenue and the product sold to me was pleasing and excellent, and I definitely would order from them again in the future!",
    "I ordered this chain to hold my ankh pendant and it's perfect. Not too thin or too bulky. It hangs perfectly. I ordered the 24 in. It looks beautiful with my ankh cross. I wear it everyday.",
    "The chain was very shiny, very pretty.\nI needed a long chain to hang a large rose quartz heart on.\nThis chain was perfect and the price was too.",
    "Very shiny, sturdy-looking chain -- quite pretty!  Very good quality.  I intend to put a charm on mine eventually, but it still looks good just on its own as well.  Would recommend!",
    "The 30\" sterling silver box chain was well made.  It arrived on time and was even better than I had expected.  I would definitely recommend this seller to others.  This was an A-1 experience.  Thank you for a seamless transaction.",
    "I love the box stye necklace because it looks wonderful all on it's own.  The necklace is well made and clasp is easy to use.  I recommend this necklace.",
    "The chain arrived quickly and was packaged nicely. It is very pretty and strong. I am quite happy with my purchase.",
    "I ordered this chain as a replacement for necklace that I broke to I wore my cross on. When I went to the mall to find a box link chain no one had one.  This chain makes the perfect replacement as it looks just like the original chain I had.  The shipping was shorter than estimated and I just love it.  And you just can't beat the price.",
    "This is the perfect addition to your jewelry box.  Wear alone or with any kind of pendant.  The box link is a very sturdy chain.  Economical and beautiful!",
    "I was hesitant to order such inexpensive chains, but I'm so glad I did! They are beautiful chains and worked well with the pendants I had. I'll definately be ordering other lengths in this chain.",
    "I bought three 20\" necklaces for myself.  I am very pleased with the quality of the chains.  I would definitely purchase from Gem Avenue again. The purchase was easy, and the seller conveniently provides you with return information.",
    "I bought this necklace for my friend to place a charm on.  The shipping was fast and the company was very professional and is genuinely interested in your feedback.  Very nice silver chain for the money.",
    "I loved the chain, it was the perfect length.  I will be ordering another one soon. The delivery was fast.",
    "I purchased a 22\" and a 30\" chain.  Quick delivery, nice looking chains.  Description and photo matches what was received.  I would purchase this again.\nD.N.",
    "Nice sturdy chain that goes well with many silver pendents.  I love how Gem Avenue offers many lengths of this chain and all at an affordable price.\n\nGreat shipping and well worth the buy.",
    "When I ordered this chain,  I wasn't really expecting much.  I just needed a good silver chain to wear with my silver pendants.  When I got it,  it was such a glistening beautiful chain,  that I wear it will all of my silver pendants.  I'm planning on ordering the same chain in several lengths.  It well exceeded my expectations.",
    "I was looking for a chain for a charm that I bought for my granddaughter.  This one was exactly what I was looking for.  It was very pretty and durable.  I would buy this again.",
    "This chain was perfect, sturdy and elegant.  I have bought several things online from Gem Avenue and everything that I have recieved has been high quality at a great price.",
    "I bought this for my wife to go with a sweater she has. It looks great, classy and elegant and for such a great price. She thinks I spend 10x what I did and I am a hero for it!! Great quality, great company!!",
    "I bought this chain because I broke my girlfriends necklace and needed to replace the chain for the pendant. This is a great looking chain, strong and just as advertised! Will do business with this seller again, was a great overall experience!",
    "I LOVE THIS CHAIN. GREAT PRICE, PERFECT CONDITION WHEN I RECEIVED IT. I\nBOUGHT IT FOR MY NIECE FOR HER BIRTHDAY AND SHE WAS THRILLED.I WILL BE\nPURCHASING MORE JEWELRY FROM GEM AVENUE!",
    "Ordered this for myself because my old chain broke.  It shipped fast, and arrived as advertised.  Good product.  Feels sturdy and looks good.  Recommend this product and company.",
    "I ordered 2 of these silver chains in the 30\" length, and I was very pleased with them.  I needed them for silver watch pendants, and they work perfectly.  The clasp is very sturdy and the chain is very eye catching.  I love them, and would order more if I found the need for a special gift.",
    "I bought this chain to go with an Irish Cross for a gift and they loved it. Perfect length and deffinetly great quality. The price was awesome for the item that I received. This site is in my favorites for future purchases. Would deffinetly buy again and refer to others!!!!",
    "I bought one for my little sister in my sorority and it is fabulous!  BUY THIS!",
    "Beautiful chain; unbeatable price and VERY speedy delivery. Will definitely order through you again! Thanks for everything :)",
    "is all I can say, the quality was quite surprising, even my mother couldn't complain, and that says a lot.",
    "I bought two of these right off the bat since the price was unbelievably reasonable.  I am so glad that I did because the quality of these chains is unsurpassed.  Strong yet delicate box link and they sparkle stunningly!  I actually double up (wear two at a time) with some of my heavier pendants.  Highly recommended, and I will definitely purchase from this seller again.",
    "I purchased this chain for my niece and she just loves it.  It is very pretty without being too delicate.  It has a nice shine to it and was well worth the money.",
    "This chain was inexpensive, great for my use, fast delivery and excellent customer service. I cant wait to order again!",
    "This was exactly what I was looking for. The quality was better than expected and I have since bought more as gifts! Great Product!",
    "I am one of those people who have an almost nonexistent neck, and the standard 18\" chain doesn't work under any circumstances. Trying to get a necklace or a pendant chain at 24\"-30\" is nearly impossible unless you are willing to pay through the nose to get it! This is just right! I got the 30\" box chain. It is sturdy, nice looking, very strong, and perfect for the pendant enhancer I got for Christmas (sans chain). You won't be disappointed with this purchase. There are so many lengths available that you can't go wrong. VERY GOOD QUALITY ALSO!!!!",
    "This chain is very nice, strong and very servicable for most pendants.  I needed a shorter one to wear with open necked tops and it does the job.  I have many pendants but all my chains are long. Thank you.",
    "These are excellent chains. My wife has a tendency to break delicate looking chains within a day or two, but she is still wearing these after several weeks. These are very good quality for the money, not cheap junk that turns green after a few days of use. My wife's chains are still as shiny and beautiful as the day she put them on for the first time. Unlike some of the other \"sterling silver\" she has bought in the past, these chains are the real thing.",
    "I purchased this necklace for my wife for Christmas or 2007. Not only did it arrive on time for Christmas, the packaging was very stout. Just from seeing the box and the packing material I had no doubt that the necklace had arrived in tack.\n\nMy wife loves the necklace! Plain and Simple. She says that it is great because it is interchangeable with a number of pendants that she has or it looks elegant by itself. I hit a home run with this great little stocking stuffer! You cannot go wrong with one of these necklaces!",
    "I ordered the 30\" chain--what a great price and beautiful product!\nI love it.",
    "I had bought these sterling silver necklaces for my daughter. Not only was the price wonderful but, the quality is excellent. They also arrived early in time for the holidays which was great too. I would shop again atGem Avenue.",
    "The chain was well made and exactly what I hoped I was purchasing. Delivery was timely, and product was of good quality. My girlfriend was very happy with the chain.",
    "<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Attractive-Sterling-Silver-1-MM-Italian-Box-Link-Chain-14-16-18-20-22-24-30-Necklace/dp/B0006HB4XE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Attractive Sterling Silver 1 MM Italian Box Link Chain 14\" 16\" 18\" 20\" 22\" 24\" 30\" Necklace</a>\n\nI ordered the 30-inch chain, and am very happy with the result.  The quality is excellent, it is very beautiful.  The real silver is very shiney.",
    "I must say that I am thrilled with the service I have received. The chain arrived before the promise date & is beautiful. I was actually upset that I had to give it away (it was part of a Christmas gift). I will definitely use them again!\n\nThrilled Customer :)",
    "It was about six days before Christmas and I was searching all the local malls trying to find a chain to go with the \"O\" pendant that my dad had gotten to give my mom for a Christmas gift.  I could not find the chain I was looking for.  Finally, I decided to look on Amazon and at first didn't see anything I was interested in.  I went back and looked on Amazon again the next day and saw a thin box chain, but I didn't know what a box chain looked like and the pictures only showed but so much.  So, I decided to wait.  The next day, I went to work and one of my co-workers was wearing an \"O\" pendant on a thin box chain like the one I saw online.  So, I ran home during lunch that day and went on Amazon to buy the chain.  I was so worried I wasn't going to find a chain that could be delivered to my house by Christmas.  Finally, when I almost gave up, out of all the box chains and sellers on Amazon, there was only one seller, Gemavenue, who's last acceptable order date for the holidays was still within the time limits.  So, I bought their box chain and it was perfect because I was able to choose the length I needed and it was thin but sturdy, like I had been looking for.  I asked for express shipping and ordered it on a Thursday and Christmas was on Tuesday.  The chain arrived that Saturday.  I was so thrilled when it arrived.  It was the right length and had a pretty shine to it.  My mom opened it on Christmas morning along with the pendant and was so surprised.  She loved it.  It was perfect!",
    "Quality chain necklace @ a very reasonable price. I bought this as a gift to go with a pendant previously purchased. My hard to please daughter absolutely loved this!",
    "Necklaces were as described and arrived within the time period. Would purchase from this vendor again.",
    "I love this sterling silver chain!  We bought it for our 10 y.o. daughter and finding a 16-inch chain was key.  The chain came in many other lenghts too.  Our daughter wears it with her sterling silver cross pendant everyday!  The cost was very inexpensive for the quality.  And the item was shipped immediately.  Thank you!",
    "It was so great to be able to find such a great quality chain on-line.  It was a gift and was adored.  I would definately recommend it to others.",
    "The chain was lovely and has a very good clasp on it. Was very pleased with the quality.",
    "This was exactly what I was looking for. My son had asked me to help him find a pretty but sturdy chain for a claddagh pendant he was giving his girlfriend for christmas. This was perfect. It's very strong and looks great. Shipped fast too. Best of all she loved it!",
    "I love it .. it is sturdy, comfortable to wear, easy to put on, and nice to look at.",
    "I bought this item to give as a gift to my sister for Christmas.  I had purchased a very unusual pendant but couldn't find the \"perfect\" chain until I found this one.  The quality of the chain is very good, the length was perfect, and when I put the pieces together they looked like they were \"custom made\".  My sister was thrilled!  Thanks for such a great product with PROMPT and courteous service attached!",
    "This is a great little chain. I bought 3. 2 for my daughters and one for me, unfortunately I gave one to my sister now I have to order another one. :)I got the 18 inch length which worked out perfect for the pendants I put on them. Lovely chain.",
    "I was very happy with this purchase. It was a beautiful product. Exactly as promised.",
    "The sterling silver box chain was exactly what I was looking for.  The quality of the chain is great and I would definitely buy from this vendor again.",
    "I ordered this close to last minute for Christmas and it was received not only in time but before I expected it.  The service is excellent and the product (silver chain necklace)was exceptional.  I would recommend to anyone.  The most perfect transaction to be made online.\n\nThanks so much!!!!!",
    "The chain is beautiful and looks strong.  I bought it as a gift for a girlfriend to go with a pendant I purchased.  I think she will love it!",
    "it is a nice necklace that'll go well with most pendants. Great as a gift!",
    "My young nieces will love these. I do.  I purchased two of these chains because they are shorter than the ones on the pendants I bought for my young nieces.  I had no idea that they would be so very beautiful and sturdy, much better than the ones that came with the pendants.  They literally glitter.  And. . .,the box chains are so strong that I suspect three and five-year olds will be unable to easily break them. How can they be so reasonably priced?. . .Real sterling priced like cheap silvertone! Oh. . ., and they also arrived in record time.",
    "I was very pleased with the chain that I received. I loved how it would sparkle as it moved on the skin. Very nice.",
    "I had been searching for a silver box chain that was long enough for my husband to wear.  This one was perfect for his cross pendent.  You can't beat the price, and the shipping was fast also.  Great buy, I would recommend this seller.",
    "I purchased the Necklace as a Christmas gift for my mother. She's been wearing her favorite charm on a rusty piece of chain for several months because she can't afford anything nice. When the package arrived, my son exclaimed, \"Wow, that's beautiful. Granny is going to love it!\" I can't wait till Christmas to see the expression on her face when she opens it. Thank you for having such a beautiful and affordable product.",
    "Even though I got this chain as a replacement for a rather \"basic\" chain for a pendant, I think it would be great by itself.\n\nI like that it came in a box, too. Some chains I have ordered from other places have just given me a pouch, or even a plastic zip-loc bag.\n\nDefinite quality here, I fully recommend it.",
    "The necklace is beautiful! It is very sturdy and exceeded my expectations! You CANNOT find a quality necklace like this anwhere for the price! A must buy!",
    "Silver Box link chain.  I bought this chain at first for the length. 22\". Most chains only come in 24\" or shorter.  This was a very good buy on my part because the chain is really attractive and sturdy enough to hold the pendant that I wanted it for.  In fact, the pendant looks even better now with this attractive chain. I should have bought more. The price was so reasonable. I am going to order a few more to have on hand. For myself or a gift item.  Very pleased. Quick shipping too!!  Thankyou, Linda from New Jersey",
    "I bought several of these in various lengths for gift pendants and every one was a winner. The silver is bright and shiny, the link is sturdy but looks just right for a pendant. The ring clasp seems strong and every one worked smoothly. These were shipped superfast and well packaged. I checked prices in my local \"big box\" store and these are better chains at a lower price even with shipping.  I am definitely a happy customer.",
    "This necklace is delicate looking without being so thin that it will easily break. It's lovely.",
    "I purchased this as a gift and was a little worried what it might look like... I was really surprised at the quality.  The picture does not really show the quality or the detail. The finish was excellent. Would highly recommend this chain. Gem Avenue was great to deal with. Very prompt shipping.",
    "The product is of great value.  The product more than met my expectations.  This company is very reliable and shipped when promised.",
    "The chain I ordered was sent promply. It was great! The chain is on me 24/7 since it holds an Italian luck horn I wear. The chain looks great, and it has a good clasp. Perfect for holding my charm since I did not want to invest in white gold.",
    "I had been looking for this type of necklace for a few months now. With a store that I won't name, I had to send back a necklace I bought 3 times because they couldn't get it right. I began searching for a necklace like this but could not find it. Finally, I found this necklace on Amazon and ordered it. It came way sooner than I expected (which is always a good thing) and felt like a kid on Christmas morning. I opened the package and liked what I saw. I wear it everywhere I go and I am glad that I bought this necklace. I would definitely recommend buying this necklace.",
    "The Sterling Silver Curb Cuban Link 4mm Italian 18\" neckless is very attractive and well made.  I will definitely order more from Gem.  Service was great and the product was received when promised and in good condition.  Definitely a five star company.",
    "Beautiful and highly shinny necklace; prompt delivery: took only 4 days to receive merchandise through standard shipping. A little desappointed with the package it came in. For a piece of silver jewelry, I would expect a little more sophisticated case.\"",
    "I bought two of these for my husband and I, and we love them.  We never take them off!  Thank you so much",
    "This item is very nice i ordered the 30 Inch and it came out just as i expected and it is new and shiny.",
    "We purchased the Chain for our son for Christmas.  It was a hit with him!  He hasn't taken it off since Christmas morning.  The chain is very well made and looks great.",
    "the chain this perfect one, envio was perfect and is but of wich it hopes!!!",
    "They tend to come out pretty easy, as do most of the screw in type, just carry extras to replace if needed.",
    "This is an excellent product.  Very comfortable and good quality.  Size described correct on advertising.  Good company to order from.",
    "Nice quality and fits well.",
    "My mother still loves wearing shoulder pads, so this camisole makes her very happy. It washes and dries very nicely.",
    "Good fit and comfortable.",
    "Wish I had ordered more than one -- nicest camisole that I have ever purchased.",
    "Nice!",
    "I like this camisole because of it's lightly padded shoulders.  It's well made and holds up well after many, many washings.",
    "Loved it thanks, I will purchase it again.  It was exactly as I expected..  Will purchase it one more time.",
    "Fits the bill perfectly. I had a camisole like this and I just about wore it out. I didn't have high hopes I'd be able to find one that I would like just as much. I think this one will prove to be terrific. It has just the right amount of padding--not too much and not too little, just enough to add a bit to make my blouses and tops fit better. I'm happy and am thinking about ordering another one as well as checking out what else I can buy from the same seller. 5 stars for sure.",
    "I've had this product for about a month and it's done great! Can't beat eel skin. Holds ID, cash, cards, and some business cards.",
    "beautiful product , and nice finishing. My wife loves it. price is great and size is good. I recommend it !",
    "I love this wallet.  I've been using it for a few months now and it still looks great.  The eelskin has a nice texture to it, and it's incredibly durable.  My past leather wallets are usually showing some wear after a few months of use, but this one still looks nearly new.  It also is able to hold quite a number of credit cards and cash in the main slot.  I am also very pleased with the deep red/burgundy tone of this wallet.  I would definitely recommend it.",
    "The Swarovski crystal with Heishi beads is beautiful and my fiance loves it. Delivered as promised. I am a huge Amazon online fan.",
    "I just received my anklet today.  It is beautiful, to say the least.  I have looked for anklets in stores at the mall and no one ever seems to have any. The one or two I've seen were rather child-like looking. Of course, I finally get the bright idea of looking on Amazon - and they never fail to have just what I want. I never ordered from Serenity Crystals before, but they shipped the anklet the same day I placed my order and I had it 4 days later, including the weekend! I never would have found anything close to this for what I paid online, even with shipping fees.  This is a great price for a beautiful anklet.",
    "I bought this for my girlfriend and she loved it to death.  It looks great and will fit almost any ankle size.  Would buy a second one in case the first one breaks.  All in All was a great buy.",
    "This anklet was a good fit. Just enough stretch. Nice sparkle. I would buy it again.",
    "This is the prettiest anklet I have ever seen!! Who needs expensive diamonds when you can have sparkling crystals like theses. I immedately ordered a necklace to go with it and cant wait to order more!! As always  love Amazon!!",
    "VERY PLEASED WITH THESES ITEMS\n\nI WILL BE ORDERING FROM YOU AGAIN REAL SOON...\n\nTHANKS",
    "We have ordered MORE of these we love them so much -- easy to put on and take off, launder well (they do shrink if you use high heat in the dryer).",
    "It is the best shirt any person could ever hope to own.  Before I purchased it, I was extremely depressed, sickly and weak.  After wearing the shirt a few times, I found myself with a new sense of self.  On my next trip to the doctor I found out that my testicle cancer was magically cured and my testosterone level was 50 times that of a normal human.  I began to grow huge muscles and strength.  The women naturally began to throw themselves at me and my depression was gone.  I now walk the streets beating up random homeless people and other weak inferior beings.  I could not recommend this shirt more!",
    "My husband is very happy with a case to hold all his watches.",
    "This watch box is almost too classy to be so functional.  It's not storage, it's presentation.  Beautiful.  This was a gift for my boyfriend and instead of keeping it in the armoire where he used to put his jewelry, he keeps it out.  It's too nice to be hidden.  Nothing bad to say about it.",
    "This was a better gift then i thought it would be. I t was more beautifull in person then the picture .",
    "I ordered this box as a birthday present for my husband's rapidly growing watch collection. There are very few boxes of this size and beauty. He absolutely loves this box! There is only one catch. If you have a watch that has a particularly large face or \"rise\" to it, it will not fit well. Suggestion- I received this early enough to buy an engraved plaque to put on the front of the box to make it more personal!",
    "This is a fantastic watch display/storage case.  It is of quality construction and looks very elegant.  Each watch compartment has a nice leather type crafted pillow for your watch to wrap around.  These are nice pillows and of good construction.\n\nThe display case has plenty of room between the watches and the glass.  There is even enough room, both on the pillow and between the pillow and glass, to show off pocket watches.  This case shows off your watches very nicely.  Even my el-cheapo timex watch looks good in this case.\n\nIf I had to find something lacking, I would have but one VERY MINOR suggestion.  I think each watch compartment should be just a tad bit deeper or longer so that I could store any watch band links right with the appropriate watch.  I'm able to do that now, but not in a way the hides the extra links very well.  Like I said, a very minor complaint, not even big enough to lose a star to.\n\nI love this case and would truely recommend it to anyone needing a place to both store and show off their watches (pocket watches included).",
    "I'm very satisfied with this product, it has a great looking and an afoordable price.",
    "I LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!  I have been riding for almost 15 years, and I can honestly say, that entire time I would long for good warm boots in the winter!!  I would dread getting off at some points because I knew my toes were going to throb the minute they touched the ground!  I do alot of outdoor riding, even in the winter months, and living in Northeast Pennsylvania you NEED a great pair of winter boots.  The older I got, the more I wanted durable, warm boots that were also comfortable enough to wear around the barn.  These are those boots!!  My toes stay warm even during the coldest months of winter and even during a trail ride!  They do feel a tad snug the first few times until they break in, but after that, they are wonderful.  I would recommend these boots for anyone who is looking for a durable, stylish WARM pair of winter boots!!\n\nUPDATE APRIL 2014:\n\nI JUST had to order another pair!  They lasted me the past 3.5 years and up until about Mid-January/Early February they were still keeping my feet considerably warmer than my warm season paddock boots.  They did start to crack and the soles were coming completely away from the rest of the boot, but I am at the barn 4-5 times a week, sometimes riding 2 or more horses a day.  They DO take a few rides to break in and they are a bit bulkier than your average paddock boot b/c of the insulation but I personally am not a fan of too small of an iron so I have had no issue with them becoming stuck in my irons.  And believe me, my trainer is big on \"drop your irons!\" and I have no problem getting my feet out or back in them.  I also don't lace them all the way up, I leave one out until they get really nice and broken in until I can do that, or my heel doesn't get as far down.  I had actually ordered a pair of Ariat Bossard Insulated Paddock Zips and sent them back b/c they were ridiculously stiff and tight.  Promptly ordered my old go too's and am happy I did because I got them in time to break them in before this winter season was over so no need to worry about that next year!  Happy riding :)",
    "I got this for my boyfriend for christmas and he really loved it.  Quality work and it is very pretty!! A great way to display watches!!",
    "This my second Henschel Hat of similar design.  I sure it will give me the same fine service as the first.",
    "Great fit and feel",
    "This is my second Henschel hat. Ordered the same one that I bought years ago in Las Vegas. My old one is dirty from gardening, so wanted a new \"dinner\" hat. I have many hats...this is my fave. Thanks, Carter.",
    "Tested it out in gale force wind while flying my rc models and I did not even use the chin strap and it is COOL on  the head. and perfect fit.",
    "Very nice for cutting yards with. Thank you",
    "I had to return and get a Large.",
    "Thank you it's great.",
    "My husband loves it!",
    "Thrilled to find this hat!!  PERFECT for Summer!!  Love it!!!",
    "hubby loves it. he has two, one for the yard and one for going out.",
    "Great hat...!  I am a size 6 7/8th and the Medium fits perfectly.\nCool looking too...!",
    "I bought a Medium.  Fits snugly.  Tried a friend's \"large\".  Too big.  Better to be 'snug' which helps keep it on in moderate winds.",
    "We gave this to an elder farmer friend and he loves it.  The netting on the top lets the heat vent out, The chin string keeps the hat securely in place while he's cutting hay. And, best of all, it protects his balding head, neck, and ears from the sun's harmful rays.",
    "Really a nice cool hat. Perfect for out in the sun or in the pool. Washes up very easily.",
    "The CoolMax Band works great. I did apply some leather softener to the string to make it less stiff.",
    "This hat is just what I hoped it would be.  The top and brim are solid, providing sun protection, but the mesh allows for air circulation to keep your head cool.  It's almost identical to the Henschel khaki hat, but this one also has mesh covering the brim, giving it a different style.  Originally thought the cord was unnecessary,  but while golfing in a very strong breeze I had to use the cord to keep the hat from blowing off my head.  The cord goes around the back of the hat when not in use.",
    "Awesome hat",
    "This hat will be great in hot weather.",
    "The fit is as I expected as it's not my first Henschel hat. I like a,nd use the strap. With a wide brim it does like to move in the wind.",
    "great quality",
    "I love my Aussie hat.  It looks expensive, but it's not!  It's made very sturdy.  Should last me a long time!",
    "This hat has been perfect for me.  I've used it on many high altitude hikes, and around the house working!  The mesh at the top keeps me very cool and comfortable.  I will buy another one and recommend it to all of my friends",
    "I really like this hat for the price!  It fits well, and I like the fabric (it looks good and it is crushable).  Also, it is a hat with a chin strap, which is important to me, it keeps it from flying away.  I would recommend this hat!",
    "This hat fits well and was received in just a few days.  It is just what I have been looking for.",
    "Great hat for walking in the desert or working in the back yard in southern Nevada . . . Take off the leather strap - don't need it.",
    "Hat is just what I needed/wanted.  Fits fine, like the stiffer brim which doesn't flop.",
    "I find myself just loving these hats,  I've  written quite a few reviews of many Henschels that I have.  For me, they are well worth it; comfort, style, practical, and well made.  All you have to do is try one or two or three!!!  CoolMax band is unique and adds to comfort, I am from Louisiana, and there is no shortness of heat and humidity here.",
    "This hat is great for Summer.  My husband had one and he liked it so well that I ordered myself one.",
    "Fantastic hat and can stuff it in tight places.",
    "This hat is ideal for our vineyard work.  It has a wide brim and allows for some cooling with the mesh crown.",
    "Bought for my sweetie for his birthday.  He works outside in florida so the sweat band is great, he loved it.\n\nThanks.",
    "Needed wider brim hat than floppy had been wearing. This hat was cheap enough to abuse and has held up well. My work requires Sunup to dark in  100 degree plus. Hat ends up under gear, on floor of truck or blowing across log yard. Would buy again, well made, pretty good fit, maybe just a little tight but not much. Don't know how it looks, don't care, don't walk around with a mirror. Don't  work in a city.",
    "What a great hat.  I looked and looked, and finally decided on this hat.  I wore it in Egypt and it was great.  Folded in my suitcase and my backpack.  Fit perfectly and had great breezy area so my head kept cool....and I looked cute!  Love it.  Bought one for my friend to wear also.  She loved it, too.",
    "He loves it!  He wears it to mow grass, garden and to fish.  Well made, airy and covers the ears which prevents those sunburned ears.",
    "I gave this 5 stars because it's a great item.  I bought it for my BF to do yardwork.  He's had it about 3 years now and it's still in great shape.  As a matter of fact, he wants another if I could just find it in blue.  It's easy to clean too. Just drop it in the kitchen sink and clean it up.",
    "I am always nagging my husband to wear a hat to protect him from the sun.  He is very picky about what he's willing to be seen in.  He's always been a boater and since this hat was designed for just that it was an instant hit for him.  It's lightweight, stylish and we even packed it in a suitcase and he used it traveling.  Every time we took it out of the suitcase it popped right back into shape.\nHaven't tried washing it yet, but it is washable and that is a definite bonus!  Now we're both happy.",
    "Very happy with transaction, and hat. Have had one before, and was very happy to purchase another, and will purchase again and again.",
    "I did a fair amount of research for a good hat for golf without paying a huge price for it.  This hat is good quality and the price including shipping was fair and lower than anything else that I could find.  Plus I knew that Amazon would stand behind it.",
    "This is the second Breezer hat I purchased in less than a week. The first hat came packaged perfectly and arrived in perfect shape. The second hat, this one, not so good. The hat was crushed. Yeah, yeah, I know, it's crushable. Nevertheless, it took some effort to return it to presentable shape. Otherwise, I love the hats. They fit well, nice shape, vent well, have a chin strap to keep it on in Kansas winds. Good product. I just wish you could count on the packaging. Oh, well, if these last as long as think they will I won't be buying another for quite a while.",
    "This is a good light weight hat that allows for good air flow while protecting from the sun. I like the strap that can be functional or put behind ears on on hat as in picture.",
    "The Henschel hat I received was a perfect fit and every thing I could hope for. It's just what I needed for protection from the sun on the golf course' where I play almost every day.\n\nThank you for the quick service and a wonderful product.\n\nAllen A\nArk.",
    "without telling my age,I'll just say that I've worn a lot hats and caps in my time.  From my youthful days in the cotton fields to now enjoying my retirement.  I must say that without a doubt this is the most comfortable, and definitely the coolest hat I've ever worn. Love the CoolMax headband.  Plus if you get dirt on it as I did, picking it up with dirty gloves on, It's easy to clean.  I used a wet soft bristle tooth brush with a little mild detergent, brushed the dirt away and let it air dry.\n  I highly reccomend this hat for anyone.\nPlus my wife says I really look good with it on!  Doesn't get any better than that!!",
    "This hat is great.  It provides shade for the ears and eyes.  It is comfortabe even on the hottest days because the top venilates the head.  My skin doctor encourged me to get a hat like this because I have had some skin cancer on my ear. Lastly, the price is right.",
    "Bought this hat to use out in the yard when doing yard work to block the sun. It works just as I hoped it would, A quality hat that fits nice and snug and does not blow off in the wind.  Has a large brim to block the sun off the ears and back of the neck and your head still breaths with the mesh top. I would rcommend this hat. Did not understand, why UPS shipped it to the US Post Office and then the post office delivered it to my home. Waisted a day on delivery when UPS could of dilerved it the the house, which, by the way was not shipped for free!",
    "The material quality was good and the style was nice. However the hat was out of shape when I opened the box. It was also a little tight. Checking their return policy I found that I would have to pay for the return shipping fee which was almost half the price of the hat itself. I decided to keep it as a working hat when I do my yard work. Few days later I received an email from their customer service asking me about how pleased I was with their product. I told them I wasn't pleased with the condition of the hat, but decided not to return due to high return shipping fee. To my surprise they sent me next day a prepaid UPS label with which I returned the hat requesting for an exchange. Yesterday I received the exchange. This time they packed the hat snuggly inside a box, which was packed inside another larger box with packing paper. Although it took long time to receive the exchange their customer service is superb. I will buy product(s) from them again in the future.",
    "Just what I wanted.  A little pricey but still it is what I wanted, so what the heck.  A good deal.",
    "This hat is perfect for sun protection in a windy situation.  It will also keep my head cool in warmer weather.  I am pleased with how it looks, and that it is packable.",
    "Ordered this hat because every other hat I had made my head sweat, that ran into my eyes when hiking. This hat works great, beyond expectations. Made in the U.S.A. makes it perfect. Sizing for me was right on.",
    "My husband only wore baseball cap style hats.  I was thrilled that he really likes this hat and now wears it all the time, and it looks great on him.  Plus, it covers his ears from sun damage, a common place for men to get skin cancer.",
    "Yes it is nice and the mesh allows the wind to cool your head.  Can't wait for the 137 degree summer.",
    "My husband loves this hat.  We have bought him one a year for the last five years.  He works outside, this hat gives him the protection he needs yet it is still cool with the vented top.",
    "This is just what I was hoping to get. It is cool inside and lets air flow through. It looks nice and the cord can be tightened to prevent it from blowing off when windy.",
    "I bought this for my son, and he absolutely LOVES it!  The color (khaki) is great, its adjustable chin strap is wonderful, it flattens down nicely for packing, and the mesh insert does a good job of keeping his head cool.  We are very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend buying this high-quality hat.",
    "I love the breezer hat I bought.  For golf, there is nothing better and I am going to buy another for fishing.  I do not like the leather strap that you can use to keep the hat from flying off.  I took mine off and threw it away because it was too stiff and uncomfortable and the stay device just slipped too much. For my fishing hat I am going to buy, I will put a cord and a better cinch device on myself.",
    "Hat is well constucted and truely allows air flow to keep the sun off while not holding the heat in.  From a distance you can't even see that is isn't a regular hat.",
    "The hat was perfect for our vacation -- fit well, was cool in the sun and offered great sun protection.",
    "Best camping hat I have ever owned. Tough and comfortable. The mesh crown allows good airflow over the head, the solid top prevents your skull from roasting, and the wide brim provides cool, shady face and neck proection even when the sun is low in the sky. If you want to make a fashon statement, get something else. However, if you are an outdoor person who values good, servicable gear that does what you need it to do, get this hat.",
    "Love this Hat. It keeps my shorn head cool and protected. The price was 1/3 that of the hat I originally considered.  One of my best purchases. .  I would not hesitate to buy another one.  The description says its crush able, but I like it so much I'm afraid to 'test' it.",
    "Great hat",
    "5 stars no issues",
    "Great fit and comfort.  The vented crown provides cooling.  Be sure to measure your head and use the size chart.",
    "The hat was a perfect fit, what a good looking hat",
    "Other than being a tad large, exactly what I was look for.  Yes, I'd recommend.",
    "Love this hat. Highly recommend! Fits as expected. Excellent ventilation.",
    "What a great brim and the hat is very cool.  My husband had to have a skin cancer removed from his ear lobe.  This hat has an excellent brim shades  his ears well.  Best of all he looks very handsome in the hat.",
    "My husband loves his new hat.  Got it to keep the sun off his bald head when he mows and works outside.",
    "I ordered the XL because I was between sizes.  The L probably would have been a better fit, but I will stay with this size.",
    "Keeps me cool, and fits well.",
    "This is a great hat  I am totally happy with the fit and the way it looks.  I would recommend this particular hat to everyone.",
    "Very good and well made hat...",
    "I love it.",
    "Best yet",
    "What fits well and is a good value for the price. The chin strap is a little rough but overall I am well pleased. The brim is wide enough for protection from the sun which is the main reason I bought it.",
    "hubby wears it every day while he's working construction out in the heat.  He loves it!",
    "I purchased to use while watching a major golf tournatment and it worked great.\n\nThis hat really kept my head cool and ears shaded unlike the golf cap I typically wear. The wife and kids also commented on how nice looking it was. Have worn it many times now and wish I had purchased one earlier.",
    "Great hat for hot weather",
    "this is maybe my fourth hat like this. I have in the past bought them from a local hat shop, but Amazon had the same hat for $25 instead of $40. its comfortable, cool, and when it gets dirty, I spray it with the stuff I wash the car with, clip it to a fence and hose it off. it drips dry and looks great again. I actually get compliments every time I wear it. Now my brother wants one like it too.",
    "High quality and versatile hat. Good value for the price!",
    "I'll make it fit, no biggie",
    "Best hat I've ever owned, won't blow off in pretty extreme winds",
    "Great value. Buy It!",
    "Love this hat.  I highly recommend for kayaking and sunny beach days or on the golf course.",
    "Haven't used it yet, but made really well. Bought it to take on a cruise.",
    "I love your hats this is the 3rd one for me.  thanks Jerry",
    "In the world of wide brimmed hats, this is a breath of high quality and reasonable pricing.",
    "Got me through the hot summer ballgames, awesome!",
    "Good wide brim protects face and neck from the sun and that is what I purchased it for.  The openings in the top allows air to pass thru for a cooler head.",
    "Great hat.  I am not a normal hat wearer but needed one for a long day activity outdoors.  The hat fit well, kept me cool, and was not too obstructive.",
    "I have a 7.5 inch head and got the XL right fit.",
    "Great hat for working outdoors!",
    "Rocks my face off!",
    "I have worn these hats in the past and was always happy.  I hadn't seen them for several years and was happy to find them again.",
    "awesome hats...love them for the hot weather we are having..",
    "It's a nice hat, made well and looks good. The best part is that it is made in the USA.",
    "Hat fits, no flaws.",
    "This is the second one I bought. Bought first one in 2012. Used it a LOT over the summers. Can't beat it for the price.",
    "Great hat. Will buy one for my wife now.",
    "This is my second one. The first one, which I have had for years, is now for working around the yard, and the new one for going out in public. A really great hat. Very durable. Comfortable. The wide brim give good sun protection",
    "Great Hat but The XL is a little too large. Most hats XL fits.",
    "Great for our Florida sun!",
    "love it replacing old one",
    "really good",
    "great hat even after all these years,,,washes well......really holds up",
    "Love this hat. Light weight, provides good shade yet it allows air flow. Exactly what I was looking for.",
    "Outstanding!  Plain an Simple.",
    "Fits well, good quality. I would recommend!",
    "Get buy! It fits perfect, folds for packing and unfolds quite easily, and washes up to be like new. No complaints at all!  Thanks.",
    "Love this hat! The mesh top allows the air to flow and the wide brim does an awesome job at keeping the sun off your face and neck. Quite durable too.",
    "best hat around, made in USA, cool with venting, nice wide brim, Ask your dermatologist, Very comfortable made in USA",
    "I need a hat that will protect me from the sun. I have had 2 skin cancers. I don't like wearing a hat because my head gets hot. This hat solved all of my problems, protected me from the sun, was cool and fit right. I have used the chin string. Also the hat is awesome looking.",
    "I have never worn a hat or cap, but need to.  At age 71, and a frequent hiker, I would prefer it if my dermatologist had less to do at each visit.  I can't even wear a ball cap.  So far this is different, not so hot, good sun shader, and keeps light rain off the face and glasses.  Seems to be well made.  Appreciate the built in sweat band.  I ordered one size large, and it is loose, but can easily tuck tightly rolled pieces of Bounty towel behind the sweatband for a perfect adjustable fit, plus more absorbancy.  I believe, and have been told, that the hat is stylish.  This is a bonus AFIC.",
    "This hat was reasonably priced, very well constructed IN THE USA, and fit perfectly.  I usually order a 7-5/8 or XL hat; I ordered the XL Henschel Breezer, and it fit like a glove.  I am not used to the leather tie-down, so I removed mine easily.  I wore it the first time yesterday for golf, and the sun was bright, but my head was cool all day.  I am impressed, although it was shipped slowly by this seller.  To be honest, I am spoiled by Amazon Prime, and this hat didn't receive Prime shipping.",
    "Keep cool this summer with Henschel Breezer Hat.  It cools the heat of the sun and allows your head heat to escape in the breeze.  The chin strap keeps your hat on even in high winds.  Protecting your head from the sun's energy during solar max just makes sense.",
    "Great Hat.  Packs well.  I don't look stupid.  Offers excelent sun protection.  Tend to shrink after diving in pool.  Will purchase again.",
    "Great product. Fast shipping. Thanks.",
    "Fits my 7 3/8 size head, vented crown helps keep my sweat-prone head cool, and my Dermitologist definitely approves.\n( I saw an apparent knock-off at Costco today... a $10 waste, since the copy is floppy, no shapely look, and \"vented\" crown is covered on the inside, so not cool at all!)",
    "Thanks for your service.  It is fit very good.",
    "nice hat",
    "My second one of these.  The first has proved to be of exceptional durability and comfort.  Even throw it in the wash and it comes out fine.  The mesh crown allows maximum air circulation to keep your head cool (and reduce sweating).  It's too grungy now to wear anywhere but in the yard where only the dog will see it.  It was time for a new one.",
    "Love thIs hat",
    "Very nice. Will enjoy wearing it often",
    "A stylish way to replace hot baseball caps with a cooler method of protecting your ears and head from sunburn.",
    "Fits good. I like it.",
    "Great hat",
    "It's cool, it's comfortable, it shades my face nicely in the Florida sun. I like it.",
    "Great hat for hot West Texas summers.  It's protective, comfortable, and cool.  I will buy another when this one wears out.",
    "WELL MADE,GREAT PRICE AND MADE IN THE USA.......AAA+",
    "This is my second buy of this hat. I have owned one for years and my hired hand has been wearing mine for weeks. he loved it so much I bought him one in his size. He wears it all the time. great  hat, great fit. Great price",
    "Great hat, I replaced a Henschel hat that I had for 10+  years. I lost my back pack on our return trip from Dominican Republic and hat was in it This newer version is lighter and more comfortable. I recommend the hat and company shipped as described, but it took about 8-10days from order date for it to arrive (July4th holiday). I am impatient and spoiled by prime delivery.",
    "Like the hat. Comfortable and cool.",
    "Really like hat very comfortable",
    "Love it. Replacement for older one I had worn out. Great hat",
    "Henschel hats are a great product, they will last a long time , the fit is perfect, and keeps me from cooking in the hot sun.",
    "High quality,  good fit and exactly what I expected and needed.  Would definitely recommend.",
    "Fit as expected. Measured with a snug tape measure. Only worn it 1x, but the breeze through the hat was excellent. Construction seemed sturdy and it folded up and popped back on my test run, so I think it will be ok.",
    "great product, is my 3rd Henschel Hat",
    "This my second hat.  The first has become my yard sun protector (I perspire pretty good), so this is my \"formal hat\" :)",
    "Great hat. This is the second one I've ordered for my husband. Good protection from the sun and looks nice as well.",
    "My husband's summer hat was finally wearing out and needed to be replaced. I thought I was a picky shopper but nothing met his stringent requirements - and we've been looking for years now!! Once we found this one, I bought him two so we won't have to look again for years to come. He's thrilled with the product and he looks terrific in it! (Now if we could just find winter/hunting boots to fit his 4E feet I could be very happy!)",
    "Covers ears. Mesh helps keep cool.",
    "Nice",
    "Perfect hat, great fit, good looking and useful.  I love it on my husband.",
    "My favorite hat.  I originally purchased it to protect my face and neck from the sun when I golf or fish but now I wear it all the time.  It's vented top makes it cool to wear on the hottest days.  I really like the ability to secure the hat on windy days with the chin lanyard, otherwise it stows nicely on the back rim.  They are durable, wash nicely in the dishwasher and can be reshaped.  This is my 3rd one in the last 10 years.",
    "This hat provides tremendous shade and will not make your head overheat. It is relatively light weight and the mesh top allows air to flow. Keep the sun off your face, ears, and neck! This can safe you a world of trouble later in life.",
    "Purchased this hat for my husband, who wanted a hat that would protect his face and ears from the ferocious Florida sun. He likes it very much, although when it first arrived, it seemed just a little snug. He's decided it wasn't too tight after wearing it for a while, and decided to keep it.",
    "Great hat; fits well; American made!!  These are also very durable hats -- I've been wearing them for years and still have my first hat which I use for doing dirty jobs outside.",
    "Love it and it worked in the luggage",
    "Great hat at a reasonable price, just what we were looking for.",
    "Arrived  right on time. It fits very well.  I think the vents work very well.  It is much cooler than my old hat which only had some small holes for vents. I can't speak to the durability yet, but am expecting it to hold up for a long time.  It seems to be of very good quality.",
    "The hat is solid and well made. Dad is 88 and loves it.",
    "Very nice hat. I bought it to work outside in but it is too nice to get dirty. Great fit too.",
    "Great hat, too big.  Sold it to friend and ordered correct size.  Thanks",
    "Great hat.  My brother also liked it so I got him one also.",
    "Perfect!",
    "This an awesome hat for the money, it's made with great quality right here in the U.S.A.\nThe fit is snug but not to tight, ( just follow the sizing chart, wrap a string around your noggin lay it out on the yard stick and thats your size ) so it stays on my head blocking the sun weather I'm  building fence, or flyfishing on the stream.",
    "nice hat very happy with it",
    "This is my husbands 4th hat like this.  He is outside everyday in Florida and needs this hat.  He likes this brand because it is light weight and cooler than some that are heavier.",
    "If your mesurment calls for a large I would recommend a xl",
    "the best hiking hat could be found on the market. although the size is quite big even folded",
    "Hat arrived on time and in good shape, item was as described and appears well made.",
    "Great hat wore on my trip to the tropics,kept my head cool, looked great,eve got compliments from the street hat salesmen.",
    "Fit as I hoped.",
    "Excellent protection for walking the dogs in the sunshine",
    "Bought it as a gift and he loved it. Did everything it said  it was suppose to do. Perfect fit as well!",
    "Nice hat, good fit.  Quick shipping.",
    "I wear 7 3/8 hat size, and large fits perfectly. Great looking, protection from sun, and cool. This should help my golf game.",
    "Comfortable hat that is well made.  This is my second hat of this brand and they are great!.",
    "Great hat",
    "Covers head yet allows breeze during the heat of the day",
    "Needed a hat for outside work that would wick away the sweat and be vented.  Fills the bill!  Good and sturdy, USA made hat.  I have a 23.0\" head and a large fit very snug, but comfortable--no room for an extra sweat band or longer hair.  I would definitely by another.",
    "Great hat for a great price.  Comfortable and good sun protection.",
    "keeps sun off you and lets air in so you don't overheat.",
    "One customer asked me where he could get one.  I work outside, and this hat is perfect for the prevention of red-neck syndrome.  Looks like it will hold up well.",
    "USE IT FOR TENNIS AND WALKING AROUND IN THE SUN.\nDON'T GO OUT WITHOUT IT. HAVE SKIN CANCER.\nTHE ONLY WAY IWOULD GO OUT IN THE SUN.",
    "My husband is a golfer/lawn bowler so he is often out in the sun.  This hat allows his head to breathe ( no hat head ) and protects his face, especially the nose, from the sun,  It is comfortable and looks good, too.  In fact, he has ordered another one.",
    "These fit a little large. Order a smaller size and you'll really enjoy this hat. Best of all it's made in the USA.",
    "No more are the days of getting sun burned on my face and neck and having the people of the public mock me for my utterly disgusting sun burn.",
    "my dad like it alot, i got it for hi father day gift , it was delvery on time and ita great value",
    "Face it: every wide brim hat is not exactly a style statement. But many are flat out dorky and ugly.  This one, however, I love.  It looks like a fedora, not a sun hat.  And as to doing its job of sun protection, it is very good.  The brim keeps sun off of my face and neck, areas where I have had to have squamous cells removed. My body temperature is cooler with the hat on than off. The open mesh allows heat to escape and for any breeze to cool my head.\nMy only possible caveat: the mesh is a fairly open weave. If one is bald and must keep sun from the crown of the head, then it could be a problem.  The top of the hat is solid and will protect from the noonday sun. The mesh would only be an issue for early/late sun coming in at an angle.",
    "Great quality hat, especially for the price!! I was very pleased to see that it was made in the USA! It seems not many clothing items are made here anymore.\n Ventilation is good, should be nice and cool, will give it a test on my next backpacking adventure and if it doesn't live up to my expectations I will update my review.",
    "I have been looking for a hat to wear while working in the yard during the heinously humid Summer months here in the commonwealth.  Baseball hats work, but they only keep the sun off of whatever direction the bill is facing and being a solid lid, they make my head even sweatier than it would be normally.\n\nI started looking around for a hat that would address all those shortcomings and everywhere I looked, I kept seeing \"Henschel Breezer\".  So, more digging led me to Amazon and all the reviews of said hat.  The reviews were good, the price was right and the best part is, made in America.\n\nOrdered it and as with all things Amazon, it arrived on time and packaged perfectly to protect it.  I've used it every weekend and numerous other times in the aforementioned heinous heat and humidity and it has performed flawlessly.  The sweatband keeps the sweat out of my eyes, the brim keeps the sun off my face and neck and the mesh keeps the top of my head nice and cool.  In essence, this hat rocks!",
    "I bought this hat for a recent vacation to San Francisco area. It packed well and held up the whole trip. I am fair skinned and wanted a wide-brimmed hat to protect my face, neck, and ears from the sun. The sizing is pretty much spot on (measure your head accurately before ordering) and the hat was very comfortable for an entire day's wear. We spent a lot of time in San Jose and Santa Cruz where the temps were in the 80s and a lot of sun. The hat kept my head cool, wicked the sweat, and I didn't get burned. I did use sun block, but worried less about re-application every 80 minutes on my face, ears and neck than I did for my arms and legs.\n\nI haven't needed to wash the hat yet, but will take the necessary precautions to try and quickly dry the brim due to it having a wire inside. I hope to use this hat for several summers.",
    "I ordered this hat after I was sunburned while doing yard work. The brim on this hat is large enough to cover my face, ears and the back of my neck. The ventilation is great!",
    "Great value, Made in USA, durable! and DANG I look GOOD. Stop looking and BUY this hat. You'll be HAPPY.",
    "I got this for my brother, who drives a truck and has to stand around in the sun a lot. He says this hat is a big help and that he gets compliments. I also sent him the CoolMax arm warmer UV Protection cooling sleeves, since his arms have sun damage from the sun coming through the window. He  says the sleeves are comfortable and that his skin looks much, much better.",
    "I am a farmer and spend a lot of time outdoors.  I need a hat that will keep me cool and wick away the sweat all while keeping the sun off of my bald head.  I'm one of those guys you see that just gushes sweat while working.  This hat is ale to keep up with that...not any easy task.  The sweat disperses all the way out to the edge of the brim allowing the proper heat transfer to cool me in addition to allowing the cool breeze the go through the mesh.  Great hat!!!",
    "I wear this hat, and its several predecessors, almost every day. I purchase a new one once a year after they get too best up to be presentable.",
    "Great for doing yard work. Comfortable fit. Keeps you shaded and cool. Major plus is that you can wash it when it starts to stink.",
    "Six years ago I bought this hat model and wore it daily when on the streets, in the boonies and hacking through brush. It withstood more than thirty washings and held its shape and ScotchGuard treatment well. This is my second and should last just as well.",
    "Quick delivery, great price, good fit.  I was not used to wearing a hat with a brim; always wore a golf cap.  I needed a hat for sun protection and I get great complements when I wear this hat at golf.",
    "Do you hate having the sun beat down on you, and then sweating buckets because your hat doesn't let your head vent?  I do, and in the summer spend a good amount of time outside and on the water where the sun's rays really start to cook you.  I can also vouch the the keeper strap will keep your hat with you and not floating away somewhere.\n\nThis hat is crushable, breathable and after 1 years use, looks as good as the day it arrived.  Plus this is a quality product made here in the U.S. of A.",
    "I think you can buy this or very similar hats in a lot of places, but I trusted the reviews on this Henschel and am not disappointed.  It is nice and lightweight, yet durable.  And it fits perfectly, shading the sun while reducing sweating.  And of course, it can be folded up and retain its shape.  My only regret is that it's not quite as \"stylin'\" as my Australian Barmah hat (think Crocidile Dundee).\n\nWhile I was looking at a similar brand in a store, a 20-something woman asked the clerk for an outdoor hat for her husband.  The clerk recommended these hats, to which she said, \"Those?  They look like Chinese rice farmer hats!\"  So... I guess \"stylin'\" is a relative thing, eh?  :)",
    "The hat lived up to its description.  It packs well inside of a suitcase & then quickly resumes its original shape when you unpack it.  The ventilation material in the top portion/crown of the hat keeps the top of your head cool, and the hat's wide brim keeps the sunlight out of your eyes.  The hat's style suits both women and men.",
    "My husband had this style and brand of the hat before and needed a new one.  The hat came in a timely manner even though it was back-ordered for a few days.  Distributor kept in touch so we knew the status.",
    "After searching for a hat with a broad brim that would satisfy both me and my dermatologist, I took a chance and ordered the Breezer, sight unseen.  It lives up to the claims made in the description, including the ability to collapse for packing in a suitcase and still look good when unpacked. It's well constructed and sturdy without being heavy.  The fact that it's made in the US and still comes at a good price makes it all the more appealing. It's comfortable and sharp - not at all 'geeky'!",
    "I purchased this hat for my teenage son who was traveling to the Dominican Republic on a mission trip.  We chose this hat for the wide, sturdy brim and the mesh which rings the entire hat.  He reports the hat shielded him from the sun and also kept his head cool.  He was able to easily pack it into his backpack; it returned to its former shape very well.  We also loved that this hat was made in the USA!",
    "This order came promptly in time to wear it on our vacation to Croatia.  It was good for the sunny, hot days and also held on for wind.  The size was a little bit too large, but we will put in a filler to handle that.\nWe'll take it on many trips to come.",
    "The coolest hat in the world. If there is a breeze blowing you imagine you are sitting in the shade, under a large tree.",
    "The hat was shipped quickly and is just as it was described! Good quality and nice looking. I'm looking forward to wearing it on a safari in Africa this summer.",
    "My husband works in the heat and loves this hat.  It keeps him cool.",
    "Very nice hat. I use it for dog walking and other times that I go out in the sun. Great product.",
    "The merchandise was beautiful, and the shipping was surprisingly quick.  I'd order from them again.",
    "Superb.",
    "Perfect ring to wear occasionally with your wedding band.  Simple and elegant.  Solid ring.",
    "This ring turned out to be just as beautiful in person as it is in the picture.  Great quality!",
    "I was very pleased with this item. The quality of this product overall is excellant. Most hankerchiefs are of whats called a standard size (12 X 12), but this product was much larger (16 X 16). The hankerchiefs hold up well when washed however they do come out wrinkled so I would suggest ironing them. Using bleach also keeps the product looking pure white & brand new. The bleach isn't harsh on the product at all. I was surprised that this item shipped fast. I ordered on one day & about four days later I received it. This item fits in all sorts of mail boxes both large & small. So don't worry if your not home when it arrives because it should fit in your mailbox. My transaction was pleasant & sweet. I had no problems with the seller at all. I received nothing, but courtesy & respect. I would most defintly buy from this seller again. I do believe that the item was some what on the pricey end however I don't buy hankerchiefs on a daily and/or regular basis to know enough about that.",
    "I was looking for 100% cotton handkerchiefs at a reasonable price.  This satisfied that need.",
    "Excellent product, good service.  Hard to find item in most stores.",
    "The handkerchiefs are beautiful.  The order came promptly in good order. Will definitely be repeating business with this business.",
    "After a LOT of searching on the internet, I found these, 100%, cotton handkerchiefs and use them every day! The product is perfectly what I wanted and I couldn't be happier!",
    "A perfect belated Christmas gift for my father- quality and a good price!",
    "I didn't buy it on Amazon but I have one and had to relate this.  I make a lot of short and long trips and keep mine in a garment bag, but unfortunately that bag has a bad zipper.  My black Dopp bag fell out onto the middle of a city street late at night.  I didn't realize it for several hours, and went out to look for it.  A number of items in the bag were crushed - the bag had obviously been run over by cars.  But the bag itself hardly showed any wear.  Pretty amazing.",
    "Absolutely beautiful Dopp kit and so classy. The leather was very nice and the quality on the stitching and zipper was great. Unfortunately it was just a little too big for me as I only pack a couple things and needed it more for just weekend trips. Had to return but wouldn't hesitate to buy again if I wanted something a little larger.",
    "Had mine for two years, not showing any signs of wear, really nice shaving kit.",
    "The simple and classic design has stood the test of time and is very utilitarian.",
    "It was sent as a birthday present. I didn't see it, But the recipient was pleased.",
    "Well made and handsome. I like it a great deal.",
    "I bought this Dopp Kit for my Grandson. I bought one in 1956 while I was in the U.S. Army and it was the ultimate that not everyone had. I wanted my Grandson to be like me by having the best. Dopp Kits are still Number 1.",
    "best dopp bag Ive owned.",
    "Had one just like it for twenty-plus years. It's the perfect size to carry my things & looks and feels durable.",
    "This item is exactly what I wanted.  My husband is very pleased.",
    "Plenty of space and a classy look.",
    "I ordered this as a gift for my husband in May 2014. It's now January 2017 and this Dopp kit has held up amazingly well he uses it on an almost daily basis to carry his toiletries to the gym, and packs it into our luggage whenever we go on a trip, and it doesn't look any worse for the wear. The wide top which stays open is very convenient especially when there's a mix of large and small items. It's also structured and feels like a quality product in hand, and doesn't get crushed when thrown into a bag.\n\nI anticipate this lasting for many years to come, which makes it an excellent value. (Dopp, would you guys make this in some more colors so I can grab one too?)",
    "The Admiral Dopp kit is a classic! Very nice leather. It has a sophisticated, timeless look and feel.",
    "This smells like my father's old leather Dopp kit and that is exactly what I was after.",
    "Great buy greater purchase",
    "A great bag but it's more chocolate brown than saddle.",
    "Well constructed stylish and lots of room",
    "great little bathroom travel bag. I love it!@",
    "Fantastic quality, very sturdy, stays open and looks polished!",
    "Very nice quality - fast delivery",
    "Nice construction.  Not a cheap pseudo leather.",
    "This is exactly what I was looking for.  It's a little larger than it appears inside.  Plenty of room for what I need.  The case is rigid but may soften after some use but it's good the way it is.  It opens wide and stays open.  Room enough to pack everything you need when you travel.  I was trying to decide between this one and the larger version.  I glad I chose this one.  The size is just right for me.",
    "Husband loves it. It's the closest thing to an old Dopp he'd had for thirty years which had finally started to come apart. Good quality. We ordered the 'brown', and it is a very dark brown.",
    "This is a great shaving kit. It's really easy to use and find your toiletries.",
    "Great size for the basics. Can't beat the quality for the price and I am sure some black leather shoe polish when required will extend its life even further! Definitely would buy again.",
    "Got this for my dad at Christmas.  The leather is nice and it opens up great and stands up.  It's great quality.",
    "My husband likes his Dopp Kit.  It stays open while he uses it.",
    "This is the second one I got. High quality material and a perfect size to fit everything you need in there. I definitely recommend.",
    "Amazing bag, good quality and perfect for a man who wants an awesome bag.",
    "Exactly what I wanted! Perfect!",
    "I had a Dopp Kit in the early 70's when I was a teenager and somehow lost track of it.  After wearing out the plastic travel bag I've had since then, I wanted to go back to the classic Dopp.  The Admiral did not disappoint - it's a great travel companion!  The sides are a nice, soft leather, the bottom a vinyl which is appropriate, given that the bag will be placed on wet countertops.  The stand-up top stays open for easy retrieval of essentials then securely snaps shut; the bag is closed by a heavy-duty zipper.  Inside the bag is a water-resistant liner with one side pocket for small items. The Admiral Dopp is really lightweight but very well made and stows nicely in an overnight bag - a handsome, high-quality, timeless design.  It's a pleasure when the small things in life work well.",
    "Relly feel like high quality, Nice leather, hard bottom(little heavy tought), and shape is good to store under vanity or in travel case. Prefer the Dopp over the Fossil witch is higher in height and price. And it's nice to have the \"original\" one.",
    "Perfect size. Holds all my husbands essentials including electric razor, plus the top stands open for easy access.",
    "Exactly what I wanted!",
    "Great kit.  Very well built.  Perfect size for travel.  Love the hinged closure - having the walls stay upright is so convenient.  Seems like it will last forever.",
    "Husband loves this!  Excellent quality.",
    "High quality construction.  Good for shorter trips or if your toilet kit is made up of a few things.  Overall, a good product and worth the money.",
    "Works as advertised!",
    "I purchased this as a Christmas gift for a friend. He was very pleased with the purchase. I didn't realize but really like that the bag has hinges that allow the top to open completely. Very nice touch.",
    "Darker than shown, very happy with this product.",
    "Great kit",
    "Good sized bag. All the room you need to carry a reasonable amount of personal goods.",
    "Very nice!! Ordered these for groomsmen gifts and they loved them! Very fast shipping (needed that..groom was late deciding on gifts!)  Highly recommend!",
    "This is the second Dopp Admiral Travel Kit we've bought.  The first one was in 1968.  It was a gift for my husband's graduation from the Naval Academy.  He was in the Navy for 36 years.  It finally wore out.",
    "I bought one of these 25 years ago and abused it frequently while working 24 hour shifts as a paramedic. After it finally started to wear out I searched all over for another one. It's a little expensive, but if it lasts 25 years too, it will be a bargain!",
    "Great kit. Sturdy. My husband loves it. It stays open (unlike his old Dopp kit) while he gathers his grooming items. Makes life easier on trips.",
    "As advertised, a quality item.  Very happy with transaction.",
    "Great travel kit. Holds a lot. Love the leather. Looks great.  Really like it.",
    "It may seem expensive for a bag to throw your shaving stuff and toothbrush in but it is a real nice bag. Quality leather and craftsmanship. Received it as a gift and don't think ill ever need another one or want one. This one seems to have the quality to stick around a while.",
    "I use this every time I travel.  It's well made and not too big.  I was concerned about it being too small but it's just right.  If anything it keeps me from packing more stuff than necessary.  Great item.",
    "I use this for my makeup and it fits everything in it and feels like it will last for many years!",
    "Guys, this is the only grooming kit you'll ever need. Stylish and practical. Easily cleanable. Everything's very neatly contained inside. Essential gear for dudes. Seriously.",
    "This was a replacement for Dad's old Dopp kit.  He loves it. I tried a different style but he prefers the Dopp.",
    "My husband had been looking for this type kit for years so I went to google typed it in and it was under the tree for Christmas. He loves it.",
    "This classic design is largely unchanged over the years.  If you're looking for a manly piece of kit that will serve you well for years, this is it.  Everything about this bag feels manly and timeless.  High praise for a grooming bag, I know, but there's a reason that Dopp's name is synonymous with grooming bags.\n\nThe quality and feel of this bag are well worth the money.",
    "This item was reminiscent of the Dopp kitt my dad owned and his dad owned.  Old school quality at a very reasonable price!",
    "It fits the need of traveling with toiletries. It's a very simple design and made from sturdy materials. Should last a long time. This isn't a fancy bag. It you're looking for lots of compartments or pockets, look else where.",
    "When I decided to give my husband a new Dopp kit at Christmas, as usual, I went to Amazon's website and found exactly what I was looking for -- black, zippered, with extra compartment.  The price was competitive and the service is always without equal when I purchase products through Amazon.",
    "Bought this for my son to replace his vinyl kit. I told him the quality ones will last forever, mine has.",
    "Have been using a cloth kit for too many years.  Just like the one I had about 35 years ago while in the service.  Great product.",
    "The bag seems sturdy with good quality leather. I especially like how the opening of the bag is reinforced with metal so it stays open wide making it easier to find things.",
    "Kit just as advertised!! For the price the quality is exceptional. Just what I was looking for. Would buy again if I ever needed another. Extremly happy with purchase.",
    "Buxton always make a great product. Got my first one aboutd the time I went off to college.",
    "This is a great shirt at a a great price. Sizing is accurate. Shirt is well made and has minimal shrinkage.",
    "My seven year old son got this for his birthday and then used it as part of his Halloween costume.  It is large as noted in other reviews:  My husband has no problem wearing it.  However, my four year old also wears it without a problem.",
    "I bought this helmet hoping that it would be big enough to fit an adult.  I was pleasantly surprised when it was big enough to wear comfortably!  While there is no headband or suspension, the inside is padded with foam, and the whole thing is light enough that it was very comfortable.\n\nAny helmet can get stuffy to wear, but the front visor opens up so much that it is very easy to breath, and you could wear this for hours.  The electronics are an inside speaker that repeats the same sequence, and the microphone doesn't work, but the overall look is so good that it doesn't matter.\n\nI plan on putting together an astronaut suit for this, and it would be a perfect outfit for Halloween parties!",
    "My son wanted to dress like August Pullman from Wonder for literary day and this is perfect!",
    "awesome.",
    "My daughter loves this item. My high score is based on her feedback. She thinks it's great!\n\nFrom my part, it's pretty cheaply made and I don't know how long it will hold up, and the sound is pretty poor, but she is happy, so I'm fine with it.",
    "My son has Autism and when he seen the movie Wonder he wanted a helmet Just Like the little boy :) So we ordered this 1..HE LOVES LOVES it!!!!!! THANK U ( NOT Cheap Made)",
    "Bought this for my godson - he absolutely loves it!!",
    "This helmet was a HIT!!!  The 'countdown' audio is fantastic and the helmet is worth the money.  Please be aware the helmet is large--my 4yr old used it for his astronaut costume last Halloween, but had to keep is hand on one side of the helmet to prevent it from moving around.  Me, his mother, can wear the helmet comfortably, so that gives you an idea of the size.  Nevertheless the helmet was key to making the costume ADORABLE, so I would buy it again!",
    "This is a great toy! I am a kid and I love this thing! It is great to make movies with. I would recommend but make sure that your child should be at least 8 or 9",
    "8 year old son LOVES this helmet.  It was top xmas list gift.",
    "My child loved this helmet and had fun wearing it to all his Halloween events. The only problem was that it did get heavy for him to wear after a while.",
    "Bought this to go with a NASA space outfit & a book about space travel with his name all thru it - he is going to live it.",
    "My 11 year old loves it.  It fits me too, so we might have to share.",
    "worth the price",
    "My grandson loved this sound like he wears it all the time it's a little big for a 4 year old but he'll grow into it",
    "Awesome costume!",
    "My 8 year old loved it and even got told by a NASA employee that this helmet was very life like. The NASA employee was very impressed! Great Halloween thanks to this helmet! We matched it with the Aeromax orange space suit and my daughter absolutely loved it!",
    "Better quality than expected",
    "Came in package looks great my boys love it! Goes with matching orange space suit perfectly!!! Will post pics soon. Sounds are only heard inside helmet can barely hear iaytside which is nice for me since other toys are loud. Automatic open visit feature is cool and play headset makes the look. I wish buttons on front worked but it's large and my kids love it.",
    "Helmet is high quality and a great value for the price. Lots of nice little details. Plastic feels heavy, not thin or brittle.\n\nNOTE: I am a pretty big guy (6'3\", big head), and this is a pretty snug fit, maybe even slightly uncomfortable. If you have a big neck/shoulders, might be too small. I know this wasn't really made for me though, so not going to take a star away or whatever. For an affordable addition to my Halloween costume, it's good.",
    "my 9 year old son loves it. worth the price. comfortable, button to flip the visor and button that sounds like ground control. matches the suit from the same company which is also awesome!",
    "Can't get it off of her head!",
    "My daughter loves it. I wish it had an actual radio inside so that i could communicate with my kiddo when she goes on her \"missions\".",
    "The helmet and moon boots were a  big hit with my grandson! They artived quickly and in excellentwms!!  condition. Nice it",
    "4 year old grandson loved this, even though it was big enough to fit on my head! You'll definitely need some window strip foam to secure the space for littler heads. Packaging was pretty rickety. It was hard to wrap because of this issue. So 1 star off for that, but overall very happy with the product itself. Thank you for a nice Christmas present!!",
    "I purchased this helmet for my 8 year old grandson for his birthday and he really liked it.  The quality seems to be quite good.  I would recommend this item.",
    "A hit!  This helmet is wonderful !  It talks and the buttons on the side open the face guard thingy.  We bought it for Halloween but this is still getting use in May in the playroom.",
    "Got it for Halloween but its a pain to take on and off to take shots.",
    "Great product.  Both grandchildren have  already spent hours in the  astronaut  suit and Helmut communicating with launch officials and pretending to be their favorite astronaut.",
    "Awesome helmut with \"real\" microphone that mimicks a space landing. My 10 year old son used as part of a class project. He loved it! We'll keep and reuse for Halloween.",
    "Kiddo loves this helmet....LOVES this helmet.  The visor tends to pop out but is easily replaced.  It's got buttons, sounds and a fake microphone; how can you go wrong?  I (Dad) wish I could play with this.  Yes, I tried to get my head into the helmet.",
    "This helmet mad my twins Halloween costume perfect!! They received so many compliments!",
    "Completed the costume for my daughter's school project!",
    "Boys loved it",
    "My grandson (5), loves his new astronaut helmet and spacesuit.  Was a big hit on career day at Kindergarten!  Many thanks for such a quality product.",
    "Huge hit with my four year old. He still uses it well after Halloween.",
    "We bought this for our (small-for-his-age) 4 year old for Halloween. It was a little heavy for him.  He only wore it during our trip to the Target for their pre-Halloween in-store event. He was the talk of the store.\n\nThis fits onto an adult. The talking inside the helmet is not too loud. The edge of the stickers started peeling off the outside of the helmet within the first day but could probably be fixed with a dot of super-fast drying glue.\n\nOverall we are really happy with the purchase.",
    "Fun sounds, nice helmet, great fun play",
    "Was a super hit with my son and his Halloween costume. Although I might have made a fatal mistake by letting him play with it before the 31st, when it came to go trick or treating he did not want to wear it. Love the sounds it makes and the flip up visor. I have had just as much fun with it as he has!",
    "Thanks!",
    "love it!!!",
    "I bought this for my son because he loves dressing up like an astronaut.  It's very big and it actually fits my very large head (my head is slightly too large for the last setting on most adjustable caps).  It also seems to be pretty durable as he tosses it around like it's made of steel.  Because it fits me, I have to dress up like an astronaut with him by putting on the helmet, but that's just a plus in my book.  The visor spring latch is a very cool function.  The blastoff sound is the same countdown over and over and is a bit repetitive, but I can overlook that because of the other cool features.",
    "Awesome helmet, this item was for my son holloween costume, it worked great!",
    "My 8 yr old never leaves this behind",
    "An awesome accessory to an astronaut costume.",
    "This helmet was a great addition to my son's astronaut costume:&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Aeromax-Jr-Astronaut-Suit-with-Embroidered-Cap-and-NASA-patches-WHITE-Size-8-10/dp/B000FGM3SG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Aeromax Jr. Astronaut Suit with Embroidered Cap and NASA patches, WHITE, Size 8/10</a>&nbsp;He loves space, and was so happy with this costume, especially the helmet.  The smile on his face made this the best buy ever.",
    "I bought this for my six year old's Halloween costume after the Aeromax Youth Astronaut Helmet was too small.  This one was perfect for him and he  spent a good part of the weeks leading up to Halloween just wandering around the house wearing the helmet.  The buttons that play the sounds and raise the visor have both been getting a vigorous workout and have held up well.",
    "The helmet is a bit big for my 6 yr old. But it is really nice, and looks awesome!",
    "I wish I could have recorded my granddaughter when she got this helmet.  She's going to be an astronaut for Halloween.  We ordered the rest of the costume and it's really really nice. We might have a future astronaut on our hands!",
    "My 5 yr old son won't take it off! The release button for the hood is so fun too!",
    "Them helmut is fantastic and fits everybody.",
    "My 4 & 6 year old love this helmet.  It easily fits my sons 'big' head with no problem.  Perfect for this upcoming Halloween.",
    "We had originally received a defective helmet from an Amazon seller.  The defect was in the visor.  The visor would not stay shut even though we had followed the directions and only used the button for opening.  However, Aeromax toys offered a replacement helmet to replace the defective helmet that we had received .  I have now edited my original review.  We have now received the new helmet and are very pleased with it.  Aeromax toys was very kind and professional, and I am impressed that they reached out to us.  My little astronaut is very happy with her new helmet!  We now have a complete costume and have been happy with all of the the other Aeromax astronaut products.  Thank you Aeromax toys.",
    "The kids love it a year later the speaker is broken but the rest very sturdy has handled being thrown and pulled by 2 and 3 yo ordering another so they stop fighting over it-",
    "Adorable!",
    "Awesome!",
    "Bought this for my 4 and 2 year olds... they love them. They seem sturdy enough that they'll get several years of play out of them. I'm an average-sized guy, and i can fit it on my head pretty comfortably.",
    "Excellent.",
    "TERRIFIC!!!  My 4yo absolutley loves this!  I think its great that he can hear it inside the helmet, but its not super loud (like other toys) for those us on the outside!  It is a little big, but no big deal for us!",
    "It was a hit!",
    "my grandson LOVES this. He is 3 1/2 and loves rockets and wants to be an astronaut. He loves to wear his suit ans his helmet.",
    "My grandson loves this helmet! He is 3; but wears adult size hats. This fit him great!  He usually doesn't like things covering his face, but he doesn't seem to mind this one. The front shield opens easily.  The speech is clear and he can understand what they are saying.",
    "We used it as a prop in a classroom video.  It was perfect and a huge hit with the students.  They loved the visor being able to pop open, and, of course, the launch countdown.",
    "My son love it!",
    "Fun toy for my toddler",
    "My 3 year old grandson became so excited as he opened this gift. He loves it, especially the audio countdown. It is too big really for his head, but he doesn't seem to care.",
    "Goes great with the astronaut suit. Sound is not too loud for little ears. Good quality.",
    "Great addition for a child's costume!",
    "Kids loved it",
    "My son loves it.  My wife get's a kick out of it.  I think it's awesome. It's huge! it fits like it should - so my little one isn't going to get his noggin stuck in it.  The sound volume is perfect - too low to be annoying and just right for the wearer.  I think this is one of those presents that will hang around for a while. Oh, one negative thing - I'm not sure it really is negative - The face plate fell off after a few hours of tough play.  Now normally I would call that a bust, but not in this case.  I like the way the plate can be reattached - but I also like that my little astronaut isn't too confined. It's just a little piece of mind that he's not going to suffocate - I know it's safe - I just don't want to be that parent who find out in the emergency room that my little adventurer was the victim of parental stupidity.",
    "It was worth the price! It is sturdy and held up to my son opening and closing the visor over and over. He dropped it several times (and tossed it) and I was able to snap the visor back on. It is heavy which is okay for my son he is a big boy. For a skinner child you may need to add cushion in the helmet.",
    "My son used this for his Halloween costume (we used Rubie's Astronaut Costume) and it was a HUGE hit. He looked like a real astronaut, got an enormous amount of compliments. Everyone asked where I got the helmet! It's very nice, not cheap at all. I was very pleasantly surprised. It came in a big, nice box. The visor goes up and down with the push of a button which my son loves, and the sounds are really cool. It's very comfortable and actually fits kids and adults both. It's has grooves where it rests on your shoulders so it sits nicely. Perfectly comfortable for hours of wear.",
    "Great helmet! My son loved it. It is really huge, though. Easily fits my husband. With the astronaut costume, though, it seems to 'fit' well. The sound can be heard only when the helmet is on and it's not too loud. My son has dropped this a few times and once was hard enough that it slightly cracked the visor. Everything still works, though!!",
    "Loved it! Bought it for my Halloween costume. Fit me (adult) well",
    "Super for a kid",
    "He loves this helmet. It's a bit large, but it works great. Very durable & worth the money!",
    "My eight year son loves it!",
    "perfect for show production",
    "Purchased for my niece to compliment her astronaut costume and this just made the outfit complete.  Plenty big and she thinks I am the best Aunt ever.  Highly recommend this for any child that wishes to become an astronaut. This allows their imagination to completely come alive in all facets.  Plus love the Mission Control countdown that takes place.  Don't recommend this for children younger than 5 as it does run large in size.  There is ample grow room, but you can add some additional foam padding if needed.  Very well assembled and will provide hours of fun filled play.  Just what the costume needed!",
    "So awesome! My son loved it",
    "This helmet is so fun! My son wanted to be an astronaut for Halloween and this accessory makes it a lot more fun with the suit!",
    "This is perfect for a Halloween costume.  It is rather big and doesn't sit perfectly on my 7 year olds head but he loves it and it looks adorable and will be great for trick or treating and playing with leading up to and after halloween. I would recommend this item. It completes the halloween costume and 7 year old son wears it in the car, sitting on the couch, anywhere. :)",
    "My 5 year old loves it.",
    "My son loves his helmet. It's cool, I'm not sure 35 dollars cool because it seems cheaply made. The out fit together looks pretty neat though. It fits him fine he's an average sized 7 year old boy.",
    "Larger than I expected but fits my 6 year old perfectly and he loves the sounds it makes.",
    "Bought as a gift",
    "Fit my 10 year old grandson. Loves it!",
    "This helmet is HUGE.  Can easily fit an adult.  It has provided hours of fun for our whole family!",
    "It has blast off sound effects and an automatic visor! So fancy.",
    "My son loves the helmet it complete is costume",
    "Our 8-year-old has used this quite a bit in the six months we've had it.  Admittedly she's not rough on her toys, but it has held up well to what I'd consider 'regular' play.  She is quick to make sure people aren't handling it wrong when she lets friends or family 'play' with it.",
    "Daughter loves this!",
    "Just as described. This was for a birthday present for a 5 year old. I am sure he will think it is amazing!",
    "This helmet was part of my son's astronaut Halloween costume and it really tied the whole thing together. He won a contest and got so many compliments.",
    "Exactly as described. good quality. Received fast.",
    "I got this for my 10 year old grandson to go with his astronaut suit for school career day. Although quite pricey, the helmet was a perfect fit and everything worked fine on it. He was thrilled and I was happy to please him!",
    "grand daughter loved it.",
    "Item arrived on time and in good condition. We requested as a gift and it arrived in a beautiful blue bag. We were satisfied.  It was bought for a 9 year old girl and she loved it! Especially since has a countdown button to it.",
    "My son used this for a Neil Armstrong project at school- it was a huge hit!!!  LOVE the sound affects!",
    "performs as expected",
    "Bought three of these for the grandsons. To infinity and beyond! My grown son can even wear this, but my daughter-in-law says he has to share with the boys, he doesn't need own.",
    "This thing is so cool",
    "Great costume",
    "Perfect for what I needed...I am an adult and it fit my head just fine. Great for a costume or dress up...",
    "Supper my child enormously enjoys it.",
    "Awesome helmet.  Used three times already.  Pretty inexpensive considering the quality",
    "I have purchased 2 of these and they are very durable.",
    "This was a big hit on Halloween.  My son had found a Nasa suit at Goodwill, and this helmet was all the rage.  Our kids ended up on the cover of the local paper!  It makes a couple of cool sounds (which you can only really hear from inside the helmet), and has a button to open the visor.",
    "The 6 yr. old loved it and it fit.",
    "all good",
    "Got this for my nine year old last year for his astronaut costume and is still going strong this year. Good investment. The glass part is also cute because he can pop it up with a button on the side of the helmet by the joint. You have to manually close it. Still very roomy inside and can fit my big headed 14 year old sufficiently also.",
    "It's adorable. Just what I wanted",
    "Arrived in 2 days! My son loves this. We LOVE Amazon!",
    "It was my sons birthday present, he didn't let go for more than a week. There is a button for the visor release and on the other side one to activate an audio fragment that's counting down to lift off (its not loud! just right). Sturdy quality compared to most toys.",
    "I wear it more than my son. He loves that too. This is great fun any time.",
    "My son LOVES this helmet",
    "Our 3 1/2 year old grandson was so excited when he opened this gift on Christmas. He loves space related items and he really got into \"astronaut mode\". We had also given him, along with this, a \"Rocket Ship\" tent and he was in heaven(or space)!! Great purchase!",
    "Every little boy and girl should get one of these. Yes, it's big in size - but sooooo much fun. Well made, great sound, my little guy became an instant astronaut and wanted to live in the helmet. I bought it with the orange spacesuit for a great way to encourage little ones to reach for the stars. My 3 year old nephew had no problems with the extra size and he loved it that we could take turns wearing the helmet. Highly recommend.",
    "My sin has a NASA suit and this was the perfect find for him.  It is big enough inside for his head, he is 7 and big for his age.  Unique item and best price- I looked!",
    "My 5 year old son loves his new helmet!  I bought him a different one a year ago and this is much better quality!",
    "Was worried it wouldn't fit my 11 year old grandson, but it did.  He had to portray John Glenn in a school report and it added so much to his costume.",
    "lil girls will love it too!!! my 6 old love when it does the countdown. make sure you get all the accessories they will love it.",
    "Bought this for my 3 year old nephew. A little big for his head but he loved it!! Has a countdown to blast off that is heard inside. May have been a little over priced but cute.",
    "I bought the astronaut suit and this helmet for our grandson for Christmas and it was his favorite gift. It was awesome to watch him open it!",
    "Very cool my 5 yr old grandson really loved it!! Looks like it came straight from Nasa..he's ready for take-off!",
    "Great helmet! My son loves playing with it! The quality is really good for the price and it gets banged around, still works...we've had it for about 4 months and still working like a charm",
    "I think this is the best investment I have ever spent.  I DJ'd all night in this helmet.  I am an adult, and this helmet is BIG.  The spring loaded visor is great.  The intercom thing is worthless, but thats alright-who wants that anyways?  I was a great hit at the Halloween party I worked.  AXE had it right- Nothing beats an astronaut.  [...]",
    "Perfect for 8 year old.  He has never had the luck of finding a costume hat/helmet that fit until this one!  It might be a little large for some children, but buy some weatherstripping from your local hardware, line the inside, and you will have a great helmet that will grow with your little one. Excellent quality",
    "I bought this helmet for my almost 3 year old grandson.  He loves it because it looks like an authentic astronaut helmet.\nIt is a little too large for a 2 year old, but he can still wear it.  I know he will enjoy it for many years.  The quality of the product is excellent!",
    "I purchased the Aeromax Jr. Astronaut Helmet with sounds for Halloween. My grandson has worn it everyday and everywhere since the package arrived. It is durable and cute. People has such a positive response to his costume. There is a microphone on the inside. A button to make mission control sounds and another button to pop open the grey face mask. It is adorable.",
    "Got this for my nephews birthday. He is 4 and although it is large he has not taken it off since he got it. He runs around with it on laughing. I think it was a good value. I know my nephew is highly satisfied. :)",
    "Cute as it can be! We have a real astronaut on our hands. It really looks authentic. Thanks for the great service.",
    "My wife and I purchased this for a four year old nephew who is having an extended hospital stay.  He simply loved it and it gave him a great distraction from all that goes on at a children's hospital.",
    "My 8 year old loved this helmet. He had no trouble with the size at all. Good product- I would recommend it.",
    "Bought this helmet to go along with my grandson's astronaut costume and he loves it.  It was plenty big and the sounds are great.",
    "OUr four year old loves this- the sounds and voice are great and the make and design are easy to place over head and fun to wear",
    "It's a little big for my 4 yo son, but he loves anything space related, so he doesn't seem to mind , he will grow into it.",
    "If you could have seen the look on her face when she opend the box you would have know n  how much she loved it !!!!!!!  This is the second one we purchased ........the other was for her cousin and he loves it also !!!!!!!  We found his at the Kennedy Museum in Boston originally !!!!!!!!!!!!!",
    "Gave this to my 6 year old grandson for Christmas and it was a huge hit! His parents report he plays with it all the time. It does all that it promised and seems well made. I would definitely recommend this for any budding astronaut!",
    "Absolutely adorable.  We bought it to match the NASA jumpsuit we bought at the Space Museum.  The grandkids loved it.",
    "If you have a 5+ year boy who wants to be an astronaut this is a perfect gift.  My grandson loved it.  Plus he was the hit of his party - wouldn't let go of it",
    "This helmet is HUGE.  Big enough for an adult male to wear ... and he did.  For kids, just pad with a hand towel or something.  My son wore it and just held the fronts so he could see out.",
    "So much fun to see our 2 1/2 year old grandson in his one piece fuzzy PJ's run around with this huge helmet.  He certainly looked like an alien from the 60 and 70's.  He loved it even if he could not quite reach the buttons,  it is sized for a larger child (ages 3+) but with help we managed.  There is not a lot of rocketship stuff for that age so ordered it knowing it would probably be too big. Appears to be solidly constructed.  I appreciate the volume of the countdown,  it is not too loud.",
    "it can be improved. I mean tree button in the front part can be flashed ones.it can be more interactive.",
    "My daughter was an astronaut for Halloween.  This helmet was the perfect completion to her outfit.  She loved it!  Highly recommend. Sidenote: It does run a bit large.  It was still wearable but she would have liked for it to be a bit smaller.",
    "arrived when expected..packed well.  fit perfect.  my son loved it.  completed his astronaut costume perfectly.  would definately recommend.  Good value for the price.",
    "Made the evening for my 5 year old, he was the envy of all boys.  Yes, it's a little large, but not so much that he can't play with it.",
    "My son loves this helmet.  We bought it as part of halloween costume but I'm sure he will play with it for years to come!",
    "Bought this helmet for my 8 yo son who wanted to be an astronaut for Halloween. He already had a NASA flight suit, just needed something to complete the outfit. This helmet complemented the suit perfectly and he really loved the functionality. The visor opens at the push of a button (spring loaded) and there is a speaker inside that plays some mission control audio when you push another button. Sturdy enough to play with it on and looks decent. It is large, an adult head fits in there, but this did not cause any issues. He loved it and was grinning ear to ear the whole time. The only con I see is the price which is on the expensive side. Overall I'm glad we purchased it and would definitely recommend it as a costume accessory.",
    "Ordered this for my son's Halloween costume.  Very good quality.  All of the kids at his school party were fascinated with it.  It has become a favorite dress up toy at home.  It was very large but took the advice of another reviewer and used thick foam weather stripping to make it smaller.",
    "Great buy! My son loves it! A little pricey for an accessory  but well worth it! This made the Halloween costume!",
    "My son has a developmental delay and letting him make his own choices is a big part of his therapy.  We sat down 2 months ago and went through pages of halloween costumes and when he saw the astronaut costume, he got so excited and told me this one was it.  This costume was so great!!!  Everyone loved it, asked me where we got it from and my son just loved the attention.  Now that halloween is done, I'm sure he will continue to play dress-up almost daily.  Definitely worth the money!!!!!\nI also bought the jumpsuit and the boots that match the helmet!!",
    "I gave this helmet 5 stars because, overall, it is a really cool item.  The durability isn't all that great, as the microphone inside the helmet broke off the day that we got it....but that really didn't take away from the hours of fun my 5 year old son got from it.  It runs rather large, as I could easily put it on my head.  If you have a young one that wants to be an astronaut for Halloween (or just for dress up) this is a must have.",
    "The astronaut helmet is really nice. We got it for my grandson for his birthday. He loves that it looks like a real astronaut helmet. He got the spacesuit also. They look so realistic.",
    "My friend and I found a broken one of these at a thrift store for $2. By broken, I mean nothing happened when you pressed any buttons. We were going to a paint party rave that night and were amazed at the costume piece we had found. The helmet was a huge hit at the party. Everyone wanted to wear it. At the end of the night, the owner of the club took it because it was so cool. Which means we no longer had a helmet. I just bought two more for a paint party this weekend. Hopefully no one takes them, because this is getting expensive. The point of this story is that this thing fits adults, is fun, and is enjoyable even if broken. The visor opens to allow you to breathe more easily, which is great. Buy this.",
    "We purchased this item to go along with an Astronaut Suit our son wears. He has gone as far as wearing it to school, to his friends house, and had his mom not stopped him, he would have worn it to church! Accompanied by a Jumpsuit, gloves, backpack and boots (all sold seperately), this Helmet really awakens a childs imagination. The visor opens/closes for realistic play, and the microphone and sound effects only add to the experience. My sons interest in space and exploring the universe has increased since the purchase, and I have no doubt the item only enhanced his interest.\n\nA recommended item for any child who wishes to explore the galaxy!",
    "This is an excellent helmet for any kid who likes to play astronaut or wants to dress as one.  It has sounds and a play mic plus the face shield opens and closes.  While the US isn't doing shuttle missions anymore that doesn't mean kids can't dress up and dream of their ideal career!  This helmet is great along with&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Aeromax-Jr-Astronaut-Suit-with-Embroidered-Cap-White-size-6-8/dp/B000FGKC2U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Aeromax Jr. Astronaut Suit with Embroidered Cap, White, size 6/8</a>&nbsp;for a costume.",
    "It's large enough and durable enough to be able to last a few years! My boys play with it daily and it is holding up just fine.",
    "Great accessory for the astronaut costume, but I know that this will be played with long after the astronaut costume no longer fits.  The visor flips up making this even more fun!",
    "My fiance and I knew that my little cousin Jack (almost age 4) was into space and decided to get him something little more unique for Christmas. When he took it out of the box, everyone thought he was going to be scared of it and wouldn't want to play with it. Boy were they absolutely wrong. He couldn't let it out of his sight. He looked so cute putting it on and popping open the visor ... lol ... this lasted at least 7 days. I'm sure his parents didn't appreciate having to take it back on their plane ride home after the holidays but they were definitely proud of him when he wasn't scared to play with it and I know they loved to see their son's creativity outlet through his imagination the way it did. I highly recommend this for young boys who have expressed an interest in space/the moon/etc. Great gift.",
    "I am a professional space adventurer and can positively say that this product cannot be used in actual space expiration.  That being said, I am however in a space rock group. I bought this product for my band's super space jams.  The visor is a bit dark so I am unable to see my sweet finger licks through it, but it's cool because I can play with it up. If I would have designed this helmet, it would have a voice modulator and walkie-talkies...and then i would buy 5 and give them to all of my space friends.",
    "WOW, what a realistic astronaut helmet. We purchased this helmet to go with our son's astronaut costume.  It was awesome!  He got so many compliments!  He really felt like he was a true astronaut. A dream come true for a day...priceless.",
    "We gave this to our budding astronaut for his 5th birthday - and he was \"over the moon\" pardon the pun!\nHe absolutely LOVES this helmet!\nThe price we bought it for, could not even be beat on EBay!\nIt completed his astronaut costume perfectly and now he feels like he is on \"real\" missions.\nHighly recommend this product. Be careful not to let it hit the floor too much - it seems as though it could break if handeled TOO roughly.\n\nPerfect for both boys and girls.",
    "This was purchased for a 7 year olds school project and show. He loves it. The recording is realistic and adds to the pretend play. The hinge on the face mask should only be opened with a button, so I'm apprehensive about that breaking. We're tring to make it last until Halloween.",
    "Great durable helmet....perfect with NASA suit. Helmet is large enough for adult head to fit in but comfortable for a 5 year old! Very cool!",
    "My daughter wore this helmet with her Halloween costume.  It is large and we had to add some padding to the inside so it didn't move around so much, but it was a great addition to her costume!  Very realistic and lots of fun!!!",
    "Perfect.",
    "I have used this hat twice now and I can already tell it it going to be my go-to hat for the spring and summer. I got the 24 month size for my 8 month old (she has a big head..over 40cm around) and I read the reviews stating to get a bigger size. It fits her head perfectly with some room to grow. She loves chewing on the strings. It's soft and comfy. Totally recommend all Zutano products. I just wish the various colors weren't always sold out.",
    "Bought two of these for 7 month old twins.  They are a little bit large on the girls but they'll grow into them.  The tie keeps the hat in place, hat washes beautifully, and definitely keeps the sun out of their eyes.",
    "This hat is absolutely adorable on and the strings are great because you can tie it as loosely or tightly as needed for your little one.",
    "This sun hat is very cute and very well made.  My daughter started wearing it at 3 months, there is much room for her to grow in it.  Provide good sun protection for her little face.",
    "I use this for my daughter and there is enough brim to help keep out the sun, and it fits well. I don't worry about fastening the chin strap, I just pull it on her head and it stays put more or less. I love the color and stripes - not too girly, but very cute. I've gotten lots of compliments.",
    "I love this hat. It is very lightweight with sides wide enough to protect baby's face if left down or folded up if he wanted to observe his surroundings. The fact that is is a pure cotton was my reason to chose this model and I am glad I did - pretty color, light, thin (but not flimsy or cheap looking). Great product!!!",
    "Love it",
    "very easy to put on baby and it seems comfortable",
    "Perfect hat!  It stays on well with or without tying and has nice coverage from the sun.",
    "Only hat that actually fits my newborn perfectly!",
    "really cute",
    "6mo fits my 3mo perfectly. His head is in 97th percentile tho!! Nice cotton that washes easily. I liked it too because it's a",
    "This cute sun hat is a perfect fit for my daughter. The material is soft and the hat is well made.",
    "Absolutely love this hat. It is super soft, lightweight, and a wonderful neutral color that would be adorable on both boys and girls. I love that the brim is a bit thicker and can mold to the position you want it. Keeps the sun out of my daughter's face beautifully. Highly recommend.",
    "Cute, fits well, washes well!",
    "So cute! Fits my 1 year old very well.",
    "This hat looked more yellow in the photo but it was lime green for sure, really cute and fits as expected. Well made, nice material.",
    "Very nice looking hat. Cotton inside/outside and thin, perfect for the summer.",
    "Have always loved the Zutano sun hats!  This is my DD's 4th or 5th one.  They are super soft and provide excellent face coverage in the sun.  :)",
    "Keeps the sun out of our little ones gave and looks very cute. Fits her perfectly at 4 months",
    "Cute sun hat.  Perfect for baby's day at the beach or pool.",
    "Fits my 8 month old perfect. She loves it and it looks adorable on her.",
    "Great hat for the money. I do agree with other reviewers that it does run small. I ordered 12month. My daughter is 10 months and it fit perfectly but likely won't work for us all summer.",
    "Just what the grandchild needed for the bright sunny days.",
    "Size 12 month fits my 9 month old well with room to grow. Looks adorable on her.",
    "Bought the 6-12 moth size for my 5 month old son. It will be great for the summer! So glad it's made of soft cotton!",
    "awesome!!!",
    "Adorable! Soft comfortable yet firm enough to protect from sun and the baby can see the world too, just a shaded view.",
    "Super cute and fits my nicely! I've been having issues with hats not really staying on my baby's head - but this was perfect and also a great soft breathable material - great for hot summer days so she's not sweaty wearing the hat",
    "Good fit, nice material, nice because brim is not huge.",
    "Great hat! Fits well fast delivery:)",
    "Such a cute summer hat!",
    "Very soft and lots of coverage!",
    "So cute! Nice fabric.",
    "Fits geat and looks great on my 4m/o baby.",
    "Excelent",
    "Wonderful hat! I need a few more colors. I bought the 12 month size for my 4 month old daughter and it fits nicely with room to grow. Shades her eyes and flips up well if I want it too. She was very happy to wear it all day when we went to the beach. Wish I could insert a picture so you could see for yourself. I added pictures from oct 2014 and then more recent ones with the other colors.",
    "This was so cute, perfect for my newborn daughter.  She loves walks and we needed something to shield her eyes.  She looked so adorable, I was sad when she outgrew it.",
    "This is so well made and it looks great on my baby. It is soft and offers great sun protection for little ones. I probably have to buy a bigger size already.",
    "It is really good sun hat. Fits perfectly even it's little big for my daughter (I've bought size 6-12 month for 4 month old). Excellent breathable fabric, convenient chin ties.",
    "I love how this brand offered various sizing for babies.  This fit perfectly on my 3 month old.  We will be using this often.",
    "We've used Zutano hats from age 3 months to 18 months. I wish that they had it in even larger sizes, so we could stick with it as our daughter grows up. We live on the beach, so this gets used every day! Holds up to baby, sand, surf and washing.",
    "Love these hats! Brim is the perfect size, keeps the sun off of my daughter's face. Would definitely buy again.",
    "This is too cute!  Not too heavy to wear in the middle of the summer and has great coverage - kept my daughter's face and neck completely shielded.  It must be comfortable too, because she doesn't pull it off as she does with most other hats.",
    "I purchased this for granddaughter to protect her when out of doors. It looks sweet, fits well.  I am we'll pleased with this purchase.",
    "I bought this item after reading reviews which also said to be careful about sizing. So I measured my baby's head and ordered it based based on that. So my 8 mo old baby is wearing a hat for 18m. It doesn't matter but be careful.",
    "My daughter is in 90th percentile. I ordered the largest size and it just fits so I would recommend ordering a little bit. I love the material, I love the pattern, I love the tie. It's a great product",
    "Loved this little sun hat for our first trip to the beach with our baby girl! True to size , soft , and stylish !",
    "My daughter is 13 months old but is the size of an 18-month old and the 24-month fits her with room to grow (her head size was 18.5 inches at her one year appt).  She hates the strings and won't let me tie them around her face so I just tied and tucked them behind her head.  Otherwise it is perfect!",
    "Like most \"tall\" people, I hesitate buying pants online, in any form. But I figured, since these are just for working out, what's the difference. I was pleasantly suprised when these pants arrived. They were actually long enough for me...I'm 5'll\" and the medium was just right, even in the length. I also loved how super stretchy they are.",
    "This is absolutely the most comfortable pair of pants that I've ever worn.  The extra bit of spandex (10% as opposed to most pants' 5%) allows the maximum movement without losing the shape of the pants.  These pants are so great that I just bought another pair for myself and highly recommend them to other women.",
    "My girlfriend was to say in the least very happy and excited to get the ring. Quite a few people were skeptical that I bought my ring from Amazon, but after a jeweler's appraisal all skepticism was satisfied. Jeweler appraised about 40% higher than what I paid.",
    "Dealing with jewlery salespeople is like dealing with car dealers.... misearble.  Using Amazon to buy the engagement ring was the best decision I could have made.  Such an easy process, such a great price, and the customer service was superb.  There was a slight delay in delivery (one day) and I had an email letting me know to expect the delay, and a refund of $70 for the inconvience.  The ring showed up looking exactly like I thought it would, my fiance loved it, as has everyone she has shown.  I would recommend getting your ring on Amazon to anyone I know.",
    "beautiful, I'm so pleased",
    "LOVE EM",
    "These earrings re so pretty.  They are kind of small but are well made.",
    "Their last name is Bearpaw, So I thought they should have them! Nicely crafted, and beautiful! We all love turquoise!",
    "My friend who works on a reservation loved them. They are cute, smaller than I anticipated, but well made. Don't think the turquoise is real though.",
    "These will be perfect. It won't draw attention away. My mom has to be careful what she wears as not to distract customers & these are perfect. I loved them.",
    "I purchased the pendent...and loved it alot...so I had to get the earrings also...very very nice...I would recommend this jewerly to anyone..",
    "gave a pair to daughter and one for me love love love them and we both needed the right studs these are them",
    "i loved these earings  i bought them for my mom in law for christmas and i was very happy... they were a great size, not too large but not too small that you couldn't see the design all in all i would buy this item again... the necklace that matched was also very well designed and the stones are set very well im not afraid of her losing the turqoise out of it.",
    "As advertised...quickly delivered and they look the same \"in person\" as they do in the photo. Attractive and well-made.",
    "My son loves these boots (he's 5). He thinks they're cool because they are snake skin (not real snake skin I'm sure, but he thinks they are). They seem to fit well and are apparently comfortable because he asks to wear them a lot, even with wind pants. He doesn't understand why cowboy boots just don't go with wind pants, or shorts, or anything but jeans.",
    "bought for my son.....the fit is great and the boot is very well made...he absolutely loves these boots and wears them all the time.",
    "Okay, so my son LOVES these boots!  He slept with them on his feet the first night he had them.  They are darling.  I have no idea how \"authentic\" they are but they are the real deal as far as I can tell. Sure, they cost a bit more than a Target or KMart store but totally worth it!",
    "My grandson is enjoying his boots. He ca wear them anytime but they aso add fun to dress up time with his couins.",
    "This is a definite buy!  I got these super fast!  Just two days after ordering them!  They look exactly like the picture.  I ordered a pair for my six year old and got them about a size too big.  He wears an extra pair of socks with them and they fit great.  Great buy, great look, great product!",
    "This is the second pair of the same boots as my granddaughter grows up. We both are very happy - they look great, last long without loosing good look and are comfortable enough.",
    "nice boots item came quick as expected and was in a designer box",
    "Great cowboy boots for a kid... Cheap and look and feel like the real deal! Went great with his suit for a wedding!",
    "My 5 year old love these!",
    "So so cute. Well made little boy boot and flashy too.",
    "They're for my 7 year old grandson, he loves them.\n\nUPDATE: He's had them 8 months now, he still loves them and he wears them everywhere, moreover, after a little ageing, they take on more of a look of real snakeskin.",
    "My grandson loves these...he slept in them the first night (like a good cowboy...)",
    "My Grandson got lots of compliments on his boots!!! He loves them!!!",
    "My son loved the boots and they looked great for the HLSR!",
    "My grandson loved these shoes, drove his parents crazy as they have wood floors!",
    "my son loves them!",
    "My Grandson loves these boots and they fit perfect.",
    "My 6 y.o. son wears them just about every other day. He loves them and never complains about his feet hurting. They still look good after 6 months of hard wear.",
    "Amazing quality!! Great buy!",
    "Great boot. No issues with seller.",
    "We bought these for my son and he absolutely loves them. He wears them everywhere.",
    " my son loves these.",
    "My grandson loved them",
    "grandson loves them",
    "My son LOVES his new boots!!! They are awesome.",
    "Love them!",
    "As asvertised. Fast shipping.",
    "I reviewed this based on my son's answers.  It's go Texan day tomorrow and he needed new boots for Rodeo.  He is super happy and hasn't taken them off since they arrived yesterday (except to sleep).  I say these are a winner.",
    "my grandson loved them",
    "Bought these for my Grandson for his birthday and he loved them.",
    "good boots for kids but too small.  Easy return for correct larger size.",
    "This is our third pair of Durango boots - only because our son outgrows them and just plain wears them out because he loves them so much.  He wears them daily.  They are great boots - look great and fit great.  We bought our other son the same boots because they both just loved them so much.  Highly recommend!",
    "My grandson loved them",
    "Beautiful boots.  Perfect fit!",
    "This was the shizzle for a good long while.  My kid was the coolest in AC for a year.",
    "Ordered 7 big kid, received 7 toddler. Boots were adorable tho. Exchanged for men's 7 in another style (7 big kid is not actually an option even though it's listed). Exchange process was VERY SIMPLE, but price was double.",
    "My 3 year old son LOVEs his boots.  so many compliments.  only thing I would change is to add rubber to the bottom of soul. Because they are so loud running on hardwood floors. And they hurt when he kicks ( :",
    "My son has had these boots twice now. He picked them out himself when he was 4 and at 6 he wanted another pair. They held up great the first time around.",
    "Great boots and amazing quality. my boys jaw dropped when he saw them. a little on the pricey side but for 20 less your not getting anywhere near this quality.",
    "I ordered these for my grandson's birthday and as soon as he opened the box he was thrilled! The boots fit true to size. I would recommend!",
    "Great value! My grandson loved them for his 4th birthday. He shows them off and wants to where them everwhere.",
    "We received the boots on the date expected, which was a few days before Christmas. My son has been wearing them and absolutely loves them. They are very good quality and look great.",
    "I love these socks. They fit great and are really padded. A bit pricey, but so far worth it. They stay up (don't fall into the shoe like some of these types of socks) and are really absorbent.",
    "Loved to booties! Purchased for our new baby due next month! The size 2 that I got- will probably have to be for next year! I will have to buy the size 1 for when baby arrives!",
    "So cute and comfy. Fits perfect.",
    "I read all of the reviews before purchasing these shoes! I bought a size 1 for my 9 month old. They are big and she will be able to wear them until she is a year or older. Since these shoes have a tie, the fact that they are big really isn't a problem. I am able to secure them well and they don't look huge. These shoes are very nice and well made. I actually still have the same exact shoe from when I was a baby! They held up very well and are a classic style! The straps are real leather so obviously they will snap if you pull them too hard. My 35 year old shoes made it through 3 babies so far and didn't tear. They are the next size up and my daughter will be wearing them after these new ones!!",
    "I purchased this in 2-3 toddler size which is her shoe size but they were extremely big when I received them. It's okay though be issue that only means my believe would have to wait a bit longer but the shoes are totally cute",
    "soft and comfy",
    "Although I love these, they run a bit large! My niece is in a 2 now and I bought a 2 but she can def grow into them!",
    "They do run a bit big but I think they're better big than small. They are very sturdy and look great! My baby is 5 months old and I ordered a size one. She has about an inch to spare but they don't fall off if secured correctly.",
    "As stated in a previous review, they run a size larger.  I therefore kept that in mind when ordering and they fit my baby perfectly!",
    "They are giant...really giant. But so adorable, so I don't mind waiting for the babe to grow into them.",
    "Love the boots bought a size one for my 5 month old. The boots were a bit big but that's ok because she can grow into them.",
    "Very nice",
    "So adorable, great quality. I love them, my daughter looks so cute wearing them",
    "a little big like others have stated but they are super cute and give growing room. Found the materials to be great and the price is good as well.",
    "a bit too big but good.",
    "A little big but super cute!",
    "Adorable! A little big but so cute",
    "I am in love with these little mocs. They go great with any outfit or even just with a diaper and can be worn for long periods without becoming irritating to baby although I'm sure they must get warm because baby's feet are often a but sweaty after removing them.  When these first arrived the laces and fringes were a bit stiff but became more flexible with time and exposure to moisture. I would recommend them to anybody!",
    "\"Squee!\"",
    "My baby has yet to be born, but I bought these early because I couldn't refuse the cuteness of them.",
    "It was too big but I didn't read the reviews nor check to see the sizing so I still give them 5 stars.",
    "After reading the reviews and reading that these booties ran large I ordered a size smaller than my grandson normally wears and they fit wonderfully with a  little room for growth. When we put the booties on my grandson he liked them he kept sticking them in every-ones face to see, and when we put out the booties to wear he chooses these booties each time. They are his favorite.",
    "they run about 1 size large. which is okay, better too big than too small. if u want them to fit now, buy 1 size down. LOVE them so much! the craftsmanship is excellent.",
    "fast shipping. just as described. thanks",
    "So cute!!!!!! Shoestring are a little difficult to keep tied. Slip on style would probably be better especially for toddlers",
    "great booties for your little toddler",
    "Perfect for my little one. Awesome shoe!",
    "But I love them!",
    "So cute.",
    "Love this bootie! Easy on/off. Runs a bit large but nothing too crazy. Great deal and adorable.",
    "They are really nice bootie. My daughter loved them for her new daughter (my granddaughter ). They are too big for now but she'll grow into them.\nVery nice product!!!!",
    "I was looking for a replacement to one very similar to this coin pouch for my husband.  He uses it in his front pocket for change and folding cash.  He uses a smaller bi-fold wallet for credit cards and license.  He really liked it.  The leather is soft and pouch is just the right size.",
    "These are fabulous and I have several.  The fit my credits cards and cash and fit perfectly into my back pocket.",
    "I have used different versions of this same product for many years.It is the perfect size for a little money, a few credit cards, lipstick, etc., yet it is small enough to fit in my pocket.The only reason I have had to replace it is that the zippers are nylon--I tend to overfill the pouches and tug on the zipper too hard and break them.I have also ripped the lining in one of them.I have been unable to find them in my local stores, so I was delighted to find an on - line source.",
    "I really enjoy this purse.  The first one I had wore out after three years and was looking for a replacement.  Luckly, I found the same purse on Amazon and bought it without hesitation.  Side zipper section holds my loose coins, and the main zipper section holds the bills.  The removable ID Card case is great when traveling and you need to carry one or two credit cards and your drivers license along; without having a bulky wallet.  Great Buy!",
    "This product is very cute! I purchased it as a gift & I am very happy with how fast I recieved it & the quality of the product. I would recommend.",
    "I gave it to a friend, and he thought it was great. I thought it might have been a little too feminine, but apparently it was not. I kind of want one for me, too.",
    "Shipped super quick, great value for the price",
    "It's crazy when about 10 people in an airport asks you where'd you get that shirt and some old dude asked his wife to buy him one for his birthday.",
    "Best gift.  I was pleased and got rave reviews.",
    "One of my favorite tees.  I always get a compliment.",
    "I am a huge Fred Sanford fan. I loved the show and still watch it when the re-runs air. This shirt has one of Fred's signature words on it...\"Champipple\"! I get a lot of great comments on it whenever I wear this shirt.",
    "Hard to find t-shirt. Glad its back in stock. Been searching for almost 3 years to find this shirt. Shirt runs true to size.",
    "This shoe fits nicely and gives the wearer a Presidential Grace! It is easy and cool to walk with. I love it!",
    "I love the shoes, this were are replecement from my old florsheim, I own in the past Bostonians shoes, I switch to florsheim two years ago, but I like Bostonians.",
    "Give it a couple of weeks to break in and bam!  Instant classic for my collection. Buy now before they go away",
    "Took a couple of days to break in where the shoe meets the ankle, but they are comfy now. I am a typical size 11, but these 11's were too narrow. The 11 wides are perfect, and don't have that wide appearance like other brands. I am on my third pair of blacks. I did not like the burgundy color, as they are too dark from my brown suits, to dressy for khakis, and I already have my blacks for dark suits, so they are basically worthless unless I wanted to wear them with a burgundy belt and blue suits. Not great winter shoes as there is no traction on the sole, but oh well.",
    "my husband purchased a pair of these shoes a few years ago, and wears them almost every day to work.  earlier this year he was moping around the house wishing he had bought 2 or 3 pairs.  we hopped on line, and amazon to the rescue!  great shoes, great price, great look too!",
    "Yes perfect",
    "They fit great",
    "I own several pair of the Bostonian and wear every day in an office environment. The shoe fits and wears well.",
    "Would say the best shoe ever!  Only close!  Great shoes!",
    "Nice shoe",
    "this was a gift to my brother law and he like it!!! now every year on xmas I know what to get him....",
    "Very nice shoes. I wear them to the office everyday. I use these shoes with jeans ( not too distressed jeans)",
    "Perfect out of the box. I have worn a lot of dress \"business\" over the years, and I know these will be a favorite. Great style. Great fit. Great value.",
    "Quality shoes and great fit made this purchase perfect.",
    "Great shoes, this my second pair!",
    "Excellent item, thanks.",
    "Very well fitting shoe.  Appears to be well made.  Classic styling.  I would definitely buy Bostonian again.",
    "Perfect",
    "They are so beautiful I can not bring myself to wear them out on the street.",
    "Great shoes Bostonian does it again",
    "Quality shoe",
    "My husband hasn't worn them out yet but he liked the way they fit so we are keeping them.  He is pretty picky about dress shoes so that he liked the way they fit even before they are broken in is good.",
    "very nice shoes and fits very well",
    "Great shoe fast shipping!",
    "Shoe looks just like the picture. Surprised to see such nice looking shoes at that price. I have a hard time with shoes since I had surgery, but these fit the bill. Haven't worn them all day, but on my initial fitting, leather didn't seem like there would be a long break-in period. I'm happy with my purchase.",
    "What a fantastic shoe!  The width, length, style, color...all perfect!!!\nit looks exactly like the picture.\nIn addition the shoe arrived quickly.\nI purchased the 9W burgundy and I plan on buying the black one as well in this style.\nHuge fan of Bostonian shoes here and I intend on staying loyal to this brand.",
    "Awesome - beautiful shoes!!!",
    "Nice shoes, but difficult to get broken in. Almost crippled me the first day.",
    "Very nice shoe size runs a bit small",
    "Great shoes. Fits good and comfortable.",
    "I love the shoes and has reccomend them to many people",
    "Great shoes, true to size.....easy break in period",
    "He loves them. Thanks!",
    "The shoes fit well and are very comfortable right out of the box.  They are a little heavier than similar shoes that I have purchased from other manufacturers but the additional weight was not noticeable after walking in them for a little while.  The shoes were a good value for the price.  I have paid a lot more for wingtips in the past.  These shoes look good and are a classic style that I expect will serve me for a long time.\nEven though the shoes did not ship until several days after my order was placed, they arrived at my home on time, meeting the initial delivery date.",
    "Very nice",
    "I had ordered the wrong style of Bostonian Wingtip initially.  This shoe was just what I wanted and the exchange was easy.  It fits right and is a great quality shoe.",
    "I have worn Bostonian's for 25 years. Stepped into the day one, no pain or discomfort. Walked in them all day. Love them!",
    "Good. One step down from Florsheim's flagship shoe, but also half the price. And a shine that doesn't quit.",
    "Got these on sale for half what I've paid for same quality shoes at retail shoe stores. As long as you know your size and have no unusual foot problems, even using the sizing chart gets you an excellent fit and value. Great all leather upper and lower dress shoes.",
    "I have not worn the shoes enough to break them in yet but I am quite satisfied with their appearance and overall construction.  The shoes appear very durable but still have a nice classic presentation.  The fit was as expected.",
    "Excellent fit and style.  Nice quality shoe.",
    "I have always preferred leather soled shoes and these are great, nice looking well made shoes.  I've ordered a second pair.",
    "Very pleased with purchase. As expected. Excellent Quality. Would recommend to others.",
    "Great shoe",
    "Looks amazing. Quality construction.",
    "Comfortable and great looking too!  Got it for dancing. Can't wait to try it out!",
    "Bostonians have never disappointed.",
    "My husband has really liked these shoes.  He has always liked the style and these are just what he wanted!",
    "I was hard pressed to find a new pair of shoes for a important trip. At the last minute I bought a $200 plus pair of shoes from a brick and mortar store. At home found out they would not work. Cannot find full selection of sizes at those stores anymore. Found the size I thought I needed on Amazon and had rush delivery. Felt good right away, and on trip just got better. Whew, close one. Thank you Amazon.",
    "I've been wearing these shoes for years and still holding is fine quality. These dress shoes have held up it's value and reputation.",
    "Beautiful shoes. Fits well the first day, only needed a short time to break in. If you need a professional shoe, these are the best choice for the money.",
    "Quality shoes. The quality of much of what you buy nowadays is not really that good. I find a pair of shoes that I like, and I stick with them. Over the years, you can really see the drop in quality of some brands. But not these. Kudos Bostonian.",
    "These shoes arrived today. I tried them on. They came in perfect condition and fits well. Leather is shinny and shoes look stylish. I would highly recommend it.",
    "This is a great pair of shoes. They are light, comfortable and I would buy them again. I couldn't find a decent pair of shoes locally and decided to take a shot on these.",
    "Thanks again the deal was great looking forward to deal with you again every thing was great  thank you again",
    "Very beautiful shoes and feel comfortable. Well crafted and designed products from Bostonian and I like all my shoes from them.",
    "Great shoe, a well constructed classic. Only drawback is you need to water proof the sole because an all leather sole soaks up water on rainy days, slush and salt on winter days which will eventually ruin the sole. Bottom line is you have to take care of the shoe for it to last.",
    "They feel a little stiff, but I think that's to be expected with a new pair of shoes. Very shiny. I'm happy I purchased them.",
    "For the price, they can't be beat! Looked all over for the right type of oxfords - knew Bostonians worked for me but couldn't find Oxfords in a store, even in NYC.",
    "One of the best shoes I have enjoyed. It fits ok and the prices are very good. I recommend this kind of shoes.",
    "The shoes arrived just when I started my Christmas vacation so my first chance to wear them was for Christmas mass.  I worried that being new they would hurt my feet but the leather broke in very gently and they felt great.  I have been getting these shoes for years so I knew my correct size especially with the width otherwise I would never buy shoes w/o first trying them.  I look forward to years of happy wear.",
    "This size and style of Bostonian (LUXE) fits me fine -- very comfortable after less than one hour's wear.  The shoe easily accommodates my orthopedic appliance (arch support)",
    "Great shoes! Fit perfect. My old Bostonians needed a rest and these new ones fit great. The order was filled promptly.",
    "I have a wide foot, hard to find exactly what I want and still maintain that classic, stylish look of a great wingtip.  Shoe fits very good, comfortable to wear, even though they are not broke in at all.  I don't wear the shoes a lot, but it is nice to be able to slip them on and not have the shoes hurt my feet.  Will order a pair in cordovan and brown.",
    "These are the best dress shoes I've ever had!!! They are comfortable, and they go great with formal and formal/casual attire.",
    "I brought black and white ones for Halloween. They are cute and will work for that. I don't normally wear tights like this. I might even make something totally different out of them after Halloween (I sow and make things like dolls, napkins, hair bows, etc).",
    "I was glad to have finally found a pair of red and black stockings after searching through EVERY store at Halloween and coming up empty handed. Reasonably priced, they were exactly what I was looking for and arrived on time.",
    "Purchased these for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves them!",
    "Perfect fit.",
    "Great under a big comfy dress!",
    "Bought this for a costume it worked out great!",
    "Just as you would expect. The tights did their job and held up well. I wore them to work for a Christmas costume. Im a server and they held up well. Very comfortable.",
    "I love them got lots of compliments",
    "Great nylon striped tights! These were perfect for a Christmas party. I am 5'0, 115lbs. they fit perfectly! The material is like panty hose, not like tights. nice and bright red/white.",
    "love them!  I'm wearing them now for my holiday luncheon at work along with my Christmas dress and it completes the look perfectly.",
    "These were perfect!  They were well made a fun to wear and a good price",
    "fit fine and were of good quality of thickness",
    "Good quality, lasted for many wears..thank you!",
    "Loved these tights, they fit perfectly and came on time. Good quality and I would order again.",
    "Great stocking! They look just like the picture. Very comfortable. I'm 5 foot and 100 pounds. They fit very well.",
    "Got these to wear with my Winifred Sanderson costume.  I am 5'5 / 150lbs and they fit just fine.",
    "these fit nicely and look good. excellent for the price",
    "Awesome!",
    "Super cute. Fit as expected",
    "Really liked these. The color was good and they were on the thicker side. They were a perfect finish for my witch costume this year.",
    "I bought them knowing they would be too short, but I needed these for my bee club halloween party.  I can't tell you how delighted I was!  If I could have chosen the perfect fit, this would be it.  There were several items in this order, but I went out of my way to write a review only on thiese tights.  They are perfect!  (I'm 5'7\", 140 lbs)",
    "I'm 5 foot 0 inches, 115 pounds. They fit perfectly for me, but are just a little tight on my waist. Coloring is perfect for my cosplay!",
    "Exactly what I expected, which is fine.\nWas worried about the delivery time. But it arrived before the listed date. So Im happy!",
    "Fits a little small, as most Halloween tights tend to do.  Good quality, took awhile for shipping.",
    "Excelent",
    "Great for xmas and st pattys day",
    "I'm about 5'4\" and 170ish pounds and these fit perfectly. I was expecting them to be super cheap and thin but they're actually decent quality!",
    "I got these for my wife and she loves them! She says they're very good. Quality and they're very light and comfortable. She says that they are a tiny bit tight though.  She's 5'5 and a size 7 in jeans.  If you're bigger then that these probably won't fit.  But for the price she says they're amazing. And she looks adorable in them.  These are a perfect gift for that special goth chick in your life!",
    "Great fit. Good quality. Service was good. Shipped quickly.",
    "Perfect for custome arrived on time",
    "A+",
    "They look and feel great! They arrived in a timely fashion as well :)",
    "Beloved tights!",
    "The sizing was great and it will make a perfect addition to my costume.",
    "I wear a lot of black tights for work and these tights are more comfortable than what I expected. They are soft and stretchy and don't bind at the waist like I'm used to. Too bad I can't wear these striped tights everyday.",
    "Super cute! Wear with navy blue dress",
    "So cute and look great",
    "Love them :)",
    "We use these for a Family Christmas Game",
    "My girls love these!!",
    "I bought these to dress up as a Christmas elf. I was surprised at their quality and fit. For one-size tights, these fit beautifully, look great, and I expect them to wash and wear well. They are warm, too.",
    "great",
    "Great for St. Patrick's day.",
    "Cute. Slightly opaque.",
    "My daughter loves them!",
    "worked great.",
    "Love the material and the color.\nI'm not skinny but I have skinny legs so they weren't so tight in me and I'm 5'2 so they were a little large. I think they're great for someone tall!",
    "Pretty well sewn tights.  They fit nice with no irregularities.  These were purchased for a costume.",
    "Great",
    "Il be looking great for halloween",
    "LOVED IT, FIT GREAT!",
    "Fit was as expected. Color was as advertised and received quickly.",
    "Great for costume",
    "Looks and fits great! And came two weeks early! Love!",
    "Perfect accessory",
    "Nice pair of tights.  The fabric is stretchy and fits nicely. I know they say one size. But if you are on the heavy side they maybe kind of tight. These are just like normal nylons and kind of thin. Plus they are my favorite color. (Orange) They even have that look that can be used for Halloween.",
    "As expected",
    "Just as described and what I needed for my costume.",
    "Arrived quickly & looks as expected.",
    "I bought these tights as part of my Halloween costume.  They worked perfect!",
    "These tights are good quality.  My daughter has worn them at least 20 times and there are no runs or pulls.",
    "I loved these, and they fit great. Some of the reviews said they're too tight. Well, if you're overweight, then yeah, they're going to be too tight on you. Find something suitable for plus sizes. These worked just as they should. They looked great on St. Patrick's Day. I actually cut them into stockings, then the top part I made into a pair of underwear/shorts.",
    "I bought these to go with a Harry Potter outfit. They fit well, very stretchy.",
    "The stalkings are perfect quality and not to thin and are not see through. Bought to match my Alice in Wonderland costume and they are perfect!!",
    "stockings are super cute and of great quality. I am 5' and about 100 lbs, and they go where I want them to go, which is a good thing for a short girl; however, the socks don't feel very stretchy and tall girl should consider about the length before buying. I love them!!",
    "My daughter purchased these for cosplay & loves them! They're well made & they look and fit exactly as expected.",
    "purchased to go with an Alice in Wonderland costume. They fit perfect and were absolutely adorable. Adult women size s/m",
    "These were really cute.  I used them for a green/white candy cane Christmas costume.  They were adorable.  The adult ones fit a size 12 girl quite well.",
    "The tights are of good quality, fit well and are as vibrant as you can imagine !  They are the perfect accent to my \"Bee Costume\".",
    "They're tights. Pretty much a one size fits all deal. They were red and white striped. I was a candy cane.",
    "The GF likes these. She can ware them out of the house and look good.\nWe pick out items we can't find locally and I buy she looks good",
    "I bought these in green and black stripe tights for my ugly sweater christmas party with friends.  Many compliments :)",
    "Super awesome shoes and surprisingly comfortable!",
    "very comfortable!!! they are great",
    "Bought a size larger (just in case) and they fit perfect. They were a good quality for the price and even though I bought them for a holiday party, I will wear them again next year with a different costume.",
    "Beautiful",
    "I love the boots!",
    "i love them!!!",
    "I love these boots!!",
    "Very comfortable, i more than comic-con and felt very comfortable in these heels they don't look very comfortable but they really are and the leather isn't exactly stretchy but still fit very well",
    "This pendant is definitely worth the money!  The way the facets shine in the sunlight is so beautiful!\nGreat piece of jewelry.",
    "I have several Vitrail items from Gem Avenue and each piece is so unique they have a way of picking up the light and colors. I always get compliments when I wear them. Gem Avenue is great!",
    "I got this one and the blue and purple and gave my wife and daughter 1st choice, 3rd going to her aunt but they all share the 3 and trade off!  Fine by me, long as they are happy!\n  Sunlight makes them all sparkle but I think I like this one the best for its multicolor.",
    "I purchased the<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Sterling-Silver-Multi-Faceted-Swarovski-Crystal-Pendant-and-ASIN-B0008JHBKU-Sterling-Silver-Swarovski-Crystal-New-Tear-Drop-Pendant/dp/B000B61NCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Sterling Silver Multi Faceted Swarovski Crystal Pendant]and[[ASIN:B0008JHBKU Sterling Silver Swarovski Crystal New Tear Drop Pendant</a>both of which look beautiful with the<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Sterling-Silver-1-00mm-Cable-Chain-Necklace-Available-in-Different-Sizes/dp/B000FSSZL8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Sterling Silver 1.00mm Cable Chain Necklace (Available in Different Sizes)</a>I was very pleased with both pendants as they catch the light beautifully.  I found no flaws in either one of the crystals and was very pleased with the quality.  I would definately recommend either pendant for wear with various tops , dresses, and sweaters.",
    "These are great shoes. When my son outgrew them, I grabbed them, and that was a few years ago. I am a (large) woman with wide feet, and women's shoes just aren't made as well as mens. These fit great, feel great, and wear extremely well. I'm pretty rough on my shoes, and with no care (I'm lazy), they still look great. I like the way they look. The only wear I see is on the soles (but they are very long-lasting), so I will probably be wearing them another 5 - 10 years! They aren't cheap, but you get what you pay for. In the long run, they are a real bargain, and when it comes to your feet, comfort, durability and common sense wins.\n\nAnother reviewer mentioned a squeak - mine don't squeak at all. In fact, that's one reason I wear them at work, my sneakers squeak terribly.\n\nI also don't notice any leakage when I trek around in the rain and snow.\n\nI love them!",
    "Incredibly comfortable shoes that age rather well.  No problems with them whatsoever.  They are very well made and long lasting.  I've had my pair for a year now and I wear them nearly four fifths of the time and they still look great.  These are great shoes for anyone looking for a classy pair of slip on shoes who are sick of the \"quality\" of cheaper leather loafers from other companies like Sketcher's.  But yes, as aforementioned, they will need to be water proofed.  But, so do nearly all leather shoes.",
    "Great shoes. I have never had any pain from wearing them -- I walk on concrete all day.  Unfortunately, I have worn them out after 2 years(no more tread on sole--I wear them just about every day), but I will buy a new pair; they are THAT good.",
    "These slip-ons are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  It feels like I am wearing house slippers every time I put them on.  If I had any critique at all, you will want to waterproof them regularly.  When I wear them in the rain, the water splashes up onto the toe and after a while will soak through.  But a good mink oil will take care of this.  Sad to say I've just about worn my pair out (I wear them every day to work)...I'll be on the lookout for another pair to replace them!  Maybe I'll get one of each color this time!?!?  You will not be disappointed!!",
    "This is a very nice ring and is an even better price. It could be used as a promsie ring or just a ring to give to someone or to buy yourself. The style of the ring is unique and amazing. I love it, or should I say my girlfriend loves it.",
    "This ring could be mistaken for a diamond, i've had 3 people say they want it. I bought it for myself because i never got a \"promise\" ring from anyone, and if i had a daughter, this would definately be a a gift i would get her for an important occasion. It's that beautiful!!!!",
    "EDITED (3 x)\n\nI RECEIVED this ring from my BF for our 6 month anniversary as a promise ring and I absolutely love it!\n\nSINCE THE REVIEW ABOVE, the stone fell out of the ring. I edited my review because I wanted to warn future shoppers what happened to my ring.\n\nTHIS LAST EDIT is to give thanks to this company for their great customer service. After the negative (edited) review, they were kind enough to replace the broken ring FREE OF CHARGE. Thanks!",
    "this is a great promise ring, i bought it for my self b/c i love rings like this, but can def. be used as a promise ring just like it says:)",
    "The ring was not exactly as I imagined it to be.  The picture made the stone look like it has a purple tint to it.  The stone is completely colorless.  The band is a little daintier than I thought it would be as well, but it doesn't matter if you have slender fingers.  The person I got this for loves it so I'm very happy with this ring.",
    "Will this ring last 100 years? I'm not completely sure, but it sure is a great deal for its price. It's beautiful, and let me give a gift to my fiancee that didn't break the bank. Since we are experiencing intense family drama, often centered around money and the lust for more, we like that it's a cheap and powerful signal to certain people that we can see real beauty beyond dollar signs. She loves it. :)",
    "I absolutely love this ring. It is so delicate and pretty! I've worn this ring daily since I got it, and it's in great shape. The little boxes the rings from this seller are sent in are precious!\n\nDefinitely a great value.",
    "I have had this ring for over two weeks now and it is still just as beautiful as it was the first day.  I have received many compliments about it and I often find myself admiring it.\n\nI also appreciated the fast shipping.  It arrived on the first day of the estimated shipping dates.  Great product, great company!",
    "My wife was hinting to wanting a new ring. I searched online and in jewelery stores for something that i thought she'd like. After weeks of looking, I was looking on amazon.com for something for myself, and some how came across this ring. It was perfect. The right price and everything. The shipment was sent immediately. I can't wait to do business with Gem Avenue again.",
    "I enjoy the casual comfort of this ring, and would suggest it anyone who enjoys lightweight jewelery, along with more expensive appearance.",
    "I hate being solicited for reviews, which I was by the seller once I received the ring, but I must say it is a good ring. The ring looks just as it does online, if not better. The cubic zirconia is cut just right and it is supersparkly and passes pretty well for a real diamond from afar. It seems pretty sturdy to me -- I have been wearing it for the last week and I am not a gentle person. The stone has stayed in place and so far, repeated washing of my hands with the ring on hasn't caused any problems. My finger has not turned green, and this ring is a cute little thing good for wimpy little fingers like my own. The price is great, and I would definitely recommend it. I'm a miser with my money and so I think this was the perfect purchase and it was well worth the small cost. I have no regrets.",
    "Simple, pretty, and cheap.\nI bought it for myself and I'm very glad I did. :)",
    "I got exactly what the picture looks like.  It is of good quality.  I have been showering with it and it has not turned my finger green, which means it is real silver.  It was shipped quickly as well.",
    "I bought this ring as a present and the person who received it absolutely loves it. It is very pretty and an excellent value.",
    "i was very happy with this ring it was exactly as the discription said. i would definatly recomend it.",
    "This is a beautiful little ring. I bought it for my girl friend as a nice present. Small, simplistic, inexpensive yet elegant-appearing is what I wanted and that is what I got. This is the perfect ring for someone who works a lot since it wouldn't be a big deal it they broke or lost it.",
    "I bought a number of rings from you & every one was beautiful not all of them were for myself but the ones that were fit perfectly loved them thank you",
    "This ring may be on the \"cost effective\" side of things, but it doesn't matter: it is beautiful.  The thin band is very comfortable, and the cubic zirconia is exactly the right size and shape for this setting.  I think this is a ring that any girl would love.  It works well as a promise ring, a \"thinking about you a lot\" ring, or just an \"I still like you\" ring.  The price is low, but with a ring this pretty, it really doesn't matter.",
    "This is a nice ring...my sister got it for Christmas and she loves it!\n\n<a target=\"_blank\" href=\"[...]\"></a>",
    "I was very please not only with the service I received but the ring itself. It is beautiful! I am very please and would recommend it to anyone!",
    "I bought this ring for one of my female friends.  It was shipped and I arrived it 4 days before they said it would be there and when I opened the package the ring was breathtaking.  Awesome service fast delivery would defiantly buy from again.",
    "This rign is really nice. I bought it for my girlfriend and she loves it. It arrived quickly and safely and it even came in a neat little gift box.",
    "I was very happy with the service and the product.  I received my ring very quickly.  The ring is beautiful.  Everyone that sees it makes some comment about it and wants to know where I got it.  I plan on making future purchases with Gem Avenue!",
    "The ring was very beautiful...i thought the price might mean the ring would look cheap but it doesnt at all...its a great product for the price and the company was amazing to work with..",
    "These are very pretty earrings that catch the light and sparkle.",
    "Love em",
    "Great fit and great price.",
    "these are retailed at $120 dollars and they are really made well, this deal can't be beat",
    "THANKS",
    "Fits great for the waist the thighs are a bit tight hoping they will stretch",
    "Fits good!",
    "quality is just what you should expect for the great price, I had a small issue and the customer service was exceptional.",
    "love these chaps,,, just what i thought they would be",
    "Very Nice",
    "took a long time to ship but great product",
    "the chaps are the best investment that i have bought yet. went for a ride yesterday and glad we wore them. it was cold riding and they saved our legs from freezing.",
    "Well, this is the first time I've ever bought shoes online and I suppose it's always a gamble, as far as getting the right size is concerned. Luckily, I took a look at Demonia's website and I read that they say that people who haven't bought Demonia shoes before should know that most people find that they have to take one size larger than their usual size. So, I ordered one size larger than what I usually wear and when the shoes arrived they fitted me perfectly.\n\nOtherwise, the shoes also look great and are surprisingly, very comfortable. They look and feel tough, like they'll last for a long time. I wanted slip-on creepers and these were the only slip-on Demonia creepers I could find. The detail is also cool. I hope Demonia design other, better men's/unisex creepers, though, as I would like to buy another pair or two but their other creeper designs are somewhat cheesy, in my opinion.\n\nAll round, thumbs up!",
    "I received my men's V creeper 509 today and was blown away! The service and quality I experienced was superb. The customer service rep was fantastic ! I will definitely buy another pair of shoes in the immediate future.\n\nThank you",
    "Well, this is the first time I've ever bought shoes online and I suppose it's always a gamble, as far as getting the right size is concerned. Luckily, I took a look at Demonia's website and I read that they say that people who haven't bought Demonia shoes before should know that most people find that they have to take one size larger than their usual size. So, I ordered one size larger than what I usually wear and when the shoes arrived they fitted me perfectly.\n\nOtherwise, the shoes also look great and are surprisingly, very comfortable. They look and feel tough, like they'll last for a long time. I wanted slip-on creepers and these were the only slip-on Demonia creepers I could find. The detail is also cool. I hope Demonia design other, better men's/unisex creepers, though, as I would like to buy another pair or two but their other creeper designs are somewhat cheesy, in my opinion.\n\nAll round, thumbs up!",
    "I received my men's V creeper 509 today and was blown away! The service and quality I experienced was superb. The customer service rep was fantastic ! I will definitely buy another pair of shoes in the immediate future.\n\nThank you",
    "This is a great product.  I like the illuminating hands of the watch and the protective cover.",
    "What more could you ask? Great price. Large readable face. Stylish. Second hand. Easy to set. Get one and start a retro trend in your area.",
    "I just received this beauty and WOW! I coupled this with some stackable cz and tanzanite rings and I must say, I couldn't BELIEVE how real and gorgeous it looks! WHAT A GREAT DEAL! Definitely recommend it for those of us who love the look and can't afford the real thing.",
    "This buckle is hot!!!  This design although popular makes a very unique statement. It is made of a great quality pewter, so it is durable and qualitative. On the back of this buckle there is sticker that says,\n\n\"This is not a toy.\" The points on the sides that make the cross are wicked sharp! Not sharp like a blade, but, if the right pressure is applied, it could cause harm.  So be careful.  This buckle, although small can work for any style or personality.  Get it, you'll love it!!!",
    "The bag is comfortable to wear, watertight, and has bunch of compartments to hold your stuff. I especially like the two front side zippered pockets, very convenient. The main compartment has a pocket that will fit a 13\" computer, though it can accommodate a larger one simply by putting it in the main compartment (duh). Jansport bags are usually very good, and this one is not exception.",
    "This bag is very spacious and holds a lot of stuff, enough that I can even use it as a weekender bag when I'm not using it as a daily book bag.  For anyone who, like I did before buying this bag, wonders whether it's suitable for laptop storage, the main compartment has what the manufacturer describes simply as a \"divider,\" but which is padded on all sides, so it makes for a serviceable laptop sleeve.  The bag has an ample number of intelligently-designed pockets for keeping organized everything from little stuff like pens and post-it notes and such, to mid-sized pockets suitable for holding items about the size of a paperback.  It has an elasticized mesh side pocket that offers quick and easy (i.e., unzippered) access to stuff like a water bottle, a small umbrella, mp3 player, cell phone, keys, etc..  The ballistic nylon is seemingly indestructible - it has successfully resisted a number of attacks from my springer spaniel - and sheds rain easily.  All in all, a very versatile, dependable, and well-thought out bag.",
    "This bag is absolutely perfect!  I keep my 14.1\" laptop, usb mouse, battery charger, palm pilot, palm pilot keyboard and random paperwork in this bag, and it is NOT overstuffed!  Everything important for my daily travels fits in this bag, and still looks stylish with the slim fit pockets!\n\nThere is a wide foam pad that I lay my laptop against, and I have nothing to worry about as I carry it along while shooting pictures.\n\nThe construction is the best, but then again, it is a Jansport, so you should already know that you have nothing to worry about in that department.\n\nI would highly recommend this bag for laptop and business paperwork carrying.",
    "This bag is awesom!  Was exactly what we were hoping it would be.  Would definately recommend this product.",
    "This backpack is extremely well made and has a compartment for everything that I need one for.  It is spacious and easy to get in and out of.  I love the way the straps can be shortened or lengthened to provide a comfortable fit.  Excellent product.",
    "Got here fast was what I expected",
    "Can hold a lot of things",
    "great product....",
    "got for granddaughter, she loved it",
    "i love this bag. very durable.",
    "ok",
    "I've had this about two years and use it daily for my train commute.  Shows a little wear but still going strong.",
    "Great bag.. very cheap and worth the money",
    "Excellent...",
    "I used to have one like this about 7 years ago! Great quality !! I bought a new one!!",
    "The only but i have is that is very big. but i love my bag. Good quality.",
    "Very practical and can fit a 17' laptop easily.",
    "I was hesitant with the price of this bag, but now that I have and have been using it I don't regret it at all. It holds EVERYTHING. There are a lot of separate pockets under the main flap so I can organize things. I've been using it for months and it still looks brand new.",
    "I love it! It's super cute and very roomy. My have a 15.6 inch laptop and it doesn't fit into the 15 inch laptop slot inside, but it doesn't matter because I have a laptop case. This is a great bag and I will recommend it to anyone.",
    "Daughter loves it.  She prefers the way it feels and carries vs a backpack, and it's very stylish",
    "Great bag, just what I needed.",
    "My son loves this bag! It holds 3 textbooks and 1 2inch binder.",
    "I Love this bag. This is the 3rd JanSport Messenger bag I have purchased over the last 10 years. Lots of pockets and space for my needs!",
    "I bought this messenger bag years ago and it's been used, washed, used again, washed again etc. it still looks good and my husband still uses it every day. It has outer and inner front pockets in the flap. The inner pockets are great for storing sandwiches and other flat items while the outer pocket is accessed by the zipper that runs across the flap. I guess the main quality of this bag is it's great durability. The shoulder strap is ok comfortwise but not great.",
    "Fits everything, great quality, durable, feels good on both full or empty.  Very happy with this backpack",
    "excellent quality",
    "I bought this for my son and he has made good use of it  carrying his college books.  It is well made and durable yet light weight.  The strap is comfortable for him.  He rides public transportation to school, so he needs a durable bag that will hold up well. This bag does the job.",
    "my wife loves it. She asked me for a bag, i searched a lot and she is very happy with !!!",
    "Okay I just made this purchase, but so far it fits my needs. I'm a college student and I can fit my laptop and books inside the main compartment. The bag as 4 nice compartments. It seems pretty well constructed. I can place the bag in different places. I replace a backpack which was also awesome. But on campus, walking down the halls or in bathroom it seems like backpack world so I'd rather have a messenger bag that fits all my needs and reduces the amount of space you need while walking from class to class.",
    "Holds everything I need.\nNetbook, notebook, hoody, plus a little extra room.\n\nI was looking for something in the medium range and this works well.\nThe laptop sleeve is really a sleeve, and doesn't have any padding. Which was good for me as I didn't want a lot of extra fluff in the bag",
    "Great product, I really recommend all the things I rate highly I stand by them 100%!!!!!!\nI am very happy and so are those I bought them for!!!",
    "The bag was purchased to carry bookeeping stuff and supplies. Jansport always excels in storage bags!!!\n\nI would buy again",
    "I searched for weeks for a go bag and I'm so glad I found the Jansport messenger bag. At first I thought it was too big, but it is a messenger bag, I was toying with the idea of returning it,I'm glad I didn't because the room was needed over time. I love the various compartments and as one can vouch you start to carry more items with you daily when you have room, Ipad, cell, books.......so I would have regretted returning it. One thing that can be improved is the strap not tangling.",
    "This is hands down the best messenger bag on the planet.\nPeriod.\n\nInside Pocket for up to 15'' Laptops and plenty of comparments.\nSide pocket for your Cooler.\n\nForget about Timbuk2. No way i'm  going to pay $200 for a bag. NEVER.",
    "I love the bag. It was every thing I need. Plenty of pockets. Love it. Love love it. Very much",
    "I bought this tote for school. I have used it for a long time and it works great! It is a very nice size and is comfortable to carry around on my shoulder. I picked the white and pink bag, but it gets dirty. I take everything out of it and put it on a delicate cycle to wash and it looks nice and clean again.",
    "I have bought a JanSport backpack before but this is a great messenger bag!! It has pockets for everything. I like the small pockets on both sides. I put pencils pens on one side and I am able to put the charger to my computer and my wireless mouse in the other one. It has another pocket in the front for other things. It fits my laptop and a couple of notebooks....it was worth the buy!!!",
    "I love this brand.  This was bought as a replacement for my son, not because it wore out, he just grew tired of his old one and wanted a new one.  BTW i bought his old one when he was in the eighth grade , and this one his first year of college.",
    "I use my bag for work.  I need to carry a lot of things and they all fit.  Also easy on the eyes",
    "This bag has ample storage space and pockets. It is constructed out of very high quality materials and has definitely served it's purpose.",
    "Very durable. I've had mine for almost a year now; it got me through a semester of school, carring everything from my laptop to books. Plus its a good overnight bag if I go spend the night away from home. I literally use it for everything, and it still looks like new. Couldn't imagine what I'd do without it.",
    "I bought this messenger bag 3 years ago. Haven't had that much of a problem since then. Really great quality bag.",
    "I love this bag.  It allows me to carry everything I need to travel back and forth to work.  My purse, my lunch, my umbrella and my shoes all fit into one bag and by carrying it across my body I am able to have my hands free.  It is nice and durable.",
    "It works for the purpose purchased.  The pockets are well placed; the zippers work; and carries everything my husband needs.",
    "Just got this bag  and a week now and it is everything I had hoped for.  Very roomy and replaced a backpack I had. Wanted an over the shoulder bag but did not want to sacrifice a lot of room and this bag is perfect.  It is my work bag for lunch, computer, books, ipods... nice carryall!",
    "I need lots of pocket and a bag that makes use of every inch this product does just that and more  room for everything",
    "So practical and great value!!!! I use it everyday and it's still in very good shape. Would recommend it for anyone who needs a backpack.",
    "PROS:\n1. Many compartments inside and outside bag\n2. Can be used for many purposes, as the material is very durable.\n3. Minor wear-and-tear after three years of ownership\n4. the shoulder pad is adjustable for all ages and sizes\n\nCONS:\n1. They should make more of these items for children, such as Walt Disney, as once this product is in the family, everyone is going to want one\n\nRECOMMENDATION:\nI recommend this product for anyone looking for a backpack, travel bag or utility bag. I use this bag for college, for work and when we go camping. It has really took it's fair share in beating and still stands it's ground. The material has not ripped in three years, and barely has minor wear and tear. This product by far receives a 5-Star rating. And for the price, its very affordable.",
    "Great Tote Bag, more like a messenger bag. I carry a bunch of gadgets and electronics for my work and this has more than enough compartments to keep my things organized.",
    "Although I did not get the bag here, I got it a thrift shop for 3.00 and it still had tags, it's worth paying full price for.  I use it for my 14\" laptop among other things.  Well made and well designed.  I highly recommend it.",
    "Bought this for my Grandson after that debunkle of buying the Trailmaker and this one is no match.  My grandson loves this and he is the envy of his classmates. Great bag, great style, and great look!",
    "This is perfect for college. It is durable and very roomy. You could fit your laptop and cables, along with a few textbooks. I'm very satisfied with the purchase. It's also arrived very quickly",
    "This bag was a gift for a friend.  They let me know thy love this bag.  It holds everything.\nWould buy again",
    "This bag meet my expectations and then some. I am able to load into it about 20lbs of stuff and it still holds its shape and doesnt show signs of distress. I love this bag.",
    "It arrived within two days and it's the perfect size. Bigger than a regular size bag but not too big. It looks just like the picture and I am very pleased with this purchase.",
    "Bought this bag for my 12 year old Son. It had enough room to carry  his books ,notes and other supply.it aso has a side pouch to\nPut a cold drink  thermos and most of all he like the feel and style of the bag .so far,its been holding well, craftmanships  of the bag seems well made..he luv it and some of his friends ask where he got it..",
    "Bought this bag as a gift item.  The bag came earlier than expected, and the quality is just as expected so its a win win situation.  Being that its from Jansport we know its going to last.",
    "I purchased this Jansport messenger bag after years of using the standard strap backpack. Considering the amount of wear and tear that I gave the said backpack, it was in considerably good condition. Thus, when I decided to search for its replacement, I looked among the Jansport brand. When I saw this messenger bag's style, I was instantly attracted to it. After receiving it, I was pleased with its appearance and its functional pockets and compartments. The only downside to it is that the strap isn't well cushioned, making it a bit uncomfortable when carrying anything over 5 pounds. Overall, this messenger bag/tote is a great value for those interested in upgrading from a standard backpack.",
    "This bag is perfect. The layout of all the pockets and storage areas just \"makes sense\" and it has enough pockets to hold everything that I need. If I really fill it up to capacity, it is almost too heavy for me to carry - that's how much this bag can hold. I would definitely purchase this again, but hopefully mine will last a long time and I won't ever have to!",
    "the briefcase is very good, I liked very much and I received it in time. I highly recommend it, for it is completely waterproof and useful.",
    "Just got my Jansport Elefunk Messenger bag and it is exactly what i was expecting it to be. I choose to go with Amazon Prime and got it shipped to be in two days. The bag over all is a little larger than i was expecting but it's great. I would recommend buying this bag.",
    "Speedy shipment! This Jansport Elefunk Tote bag is exactly what I needed to carry my text books in. I also love the many compartments it has, good for storing different items. It is exactly as described. Very happy with my purchase.",
    "Been using for a week for morning commute and so far its fantastic. It's roomy enough to cary: a laptop, laptop power cable and mouse, large thermos, three ring binder, a portfolio, a thick book, and a box of Kashi bars all with some room to spare. The strap isn't fantastic and it usually starts to slide off of one shoulder so I wear it across my chest. Quality is good, it's sturdy and durable and so far nothing is fraying or coming appart. The style is nothing amazing but for $30 this bag has a lot of utility",
    "Its just as said in the product description, Jansport does have very strong bags, so durability is a plus here. It looks great, its not too big, and fits my needs as I am on the go on a daily basis, lots of compartments for stuff. Would definitely recommend purchase of this item to anyone.",
    "It was a gift for my boyfriend, he needed a bag for school and couldn't find a good one at any store, so I purchased it at amazon and he loved it. It is a great bag!",
    "My 9 y.o. daughter was clear - she wanted a messenger bag, preferably in turquoise with at least 3 pockets.  This bag fit the bill perfectly!  It has 3 large pockets which all close with heavy-duty zippers.  The largest pocket is big enough to carry a 3-ring binder, lunch bag, several books, notebooks, folders and a jacket.  There are several smaller pockets internally for pencils, small notebooks, phones, etc.  The handle is broad enough to not twist easily and can be adjusted to fit shorter or longer bodies.  She has only used it for 3 weeks but so far, it seems like it will hold up well throughout the year and she loves it!  The bag we bought is mostly turquoise with a bit of white near the bottom.  It is not the plaid one shown in the photo.",
    "Purchased for my eight grade daughter to carry her textbooks etc.  The Elefunk messenger bag is plenty roomy for her needs.  She did not want the traditional backpack and this bag fit the bill as it is nearly the same size as the Big Student backpack.",
    "Bag is very comfy, durable, sleek, nice, best quality messenger bag youll ever find! And the price is very affordable too! must buy product :) my friends loves the design and the style of it!",
    "The Jansport Messenger Bag is great. It is big and strong with plenty of compartments. It is the perfect tote for high school and all the school supplies that are required.",
    "holds everything i need  love the water bottle holder.  5 stars. only problem is its a lil big but that could come in handy in the future",
    "My son is brutal on messenger bags.  Previous bags begin to show wear after the first month.  This one is still holding up under the strain after three months.  I will repost at the end of the school year for a final review.",
    "I have been very happy with the durability of these Jansport Elefunk totes.  Both my teenage boys use them as school backpacks.  These totes hold a lot and they stand up to abuse.",
    "I bought this for my 12 year old son. He is very rough on things so i wanted something very study and spacious. He can fit his Trapper and several other school books, plus his reading books too. What is super nice is that JanSport has a lifetime warranty and they will fix or replace the product for free! Well worth the money.",
    "Great bag! It came quick and in great packaging. Comfortable and with lots of space.",
    "Great and durable...I purchased this about 2 years ago for college and I still have it now. When I received this item it was brand new. I definitely would buy from this seller again.",
    "I teach four courses so I carry a ton of stuff with me every day - books, notebooks, binders, etc - and it all fits in this bag with room to spare.  The padded shoulder strap is comfy even though the bag is heavy when full.  My only complaint is that the two buckles that secure the top flap are a little stiff but hopefully they will loosen up with use. I had originally wanted a briefcase (somewhat more professional looking) but they tend to be heavy even when empty and not as roomy or practical.  This one is light but sturdy, with room for everything. I would definitely recommend it.",
    "I purchased this bag for my partner who is pursuing college. He absolutely loves this bag. There are a number of zippered compartments on the body of the bag. The front flap also has a small pocket for easy access externally which, is secured by clips that attach to the bottom of the bag. Beneath the flap is another zippered compartment that is very handy. It has a number of pockets, a key ring, among other areas to keep yourself organized, this zippered area provides a secure place to carry a  wallet or music player without having the worry of being pick-pocketed. We live in Chicago and this is a wonderful commuter bag as well. The strap has an adjustable pad for heavier loads as well as a padded back for wearing while biking. There is also a netted external pouch for bottles. The main compartment of the bag is secured by a long zipper that runs the length of the opening and also has a padded divider for occasionally transporting any size laptop. It was money well spent, as he'll be sure to use the bag for years to come. I hope this helps in your decision.",
    "I bought this for my son who was having trouble using a back pack. He has thanked us for it several times and says it is much better then using a back pack.\nIt arrived in good time and conditon.",
    "I was very pleased with my purchase. The rings are beautiful and more than I expected for the price. I received my order very quickly and was very pleased with the service of this company. Great Buy!",
    "I took heed of the sizing issues described by the other buyers, so I ordered my ring a size smaller than normal and I have a perfect fit. Very beautiful rings and also very believable.",
    "I love this ring because it is believable that i could actually afford a diamond ring like this one and no one would think twice. The ring shines and sparkle beautifully. I've received more compliments than i anticipated. This ring is believable for the average working couple who's on a budget. Let's be real most of us on Amazon looking for a nice deal for our buck well this ring you can't go wrong for the price and on Amazon an upgrade is ssoooo easy to do when we're ready. Just think at these prices an upgrade can be done yearly. If you like change like i do this is an ideal way to purchase wedding rings. Spending 800-1000 on rings you stuck with the same look for years the average working Joe I'm speaking of. That same money i can change up at anytime and not feel guilty about money. The rings are beautiful and came so fast.",
    "Just received these rings and they are PERFECT (in size and clarity)! Way more than what I expected, they look like they cost a small fortune. Will definitely buy from this company again!!",
    "This set is so beautiful I wear a size 7 and it is a perfect fit. The stones sparkle beautifully. I would recommend this company and I will order again from this company.",
    "Just got my ring today! Only took 3 days!! It comes in an adorable pink heart shaped box w/a ribbon tie on top. It is just as beautiful in person as it is on here! Looks exactly like the picture and fits perfectly! I am a size 5 and it fits perfectly! Both rings look so pretty paired together on the same finger also!\nMy friends don't know its not real, and i am getting plenty of very positive feedback! They love it!! I was gonna get a real ring when taxes come, but this is so beautiful, its not necessary!! You will NOT regret buying this ring!!",
    "I purchased this set as a temporary replacement due to swelling during pregnancy. I have received multiple compliments on how pretty the ring is in general and comments of surprise to see \"my ring\" still fit on my finger so far into my pregnancy. It's definitely not obvious at first glance that this is not a genuine diamond ring. I followed the ring sizing chart and was not disappointed in the fit.",
    "I am very happy with this ring set. I bought it as a temporary replacement for my wedding set since I'm pregnant and am having issues with swelling. I wear this set everyday and it fits great and is a good quality metal. I have not had any issues with the rings turning my fingers green like I did with a cheaper set I bought locally before I found this. I also received the product very quickly. It was scheduled to be delivered on June 3rd and I actually received it on the 1st. I definitely recommend buying from this seller!",
    "This ring is beautiful, understated, and elegant. Although, it may not be mistaken for the real thing upon close inspection,it is not so flashy that it screams fake. If you're looking for a replacement for the real thing, you just can't go wrong with this one(and the price is great too).",
    "This beautiful ring duo is absolutely stunning and very exquisite. When I put it on my jaw dropped it was gorgeous! I was very satisfied with this purchase. I have purchased rings before that have costed an arm and a leg that don't look this good!",
    "This ring is very beautiful. I have been wearing it daily at work, shower, cleaning etc and it still is in perfect condition and looks perfect. Great quality for the price. I was very pleasantly surprised. I have even had many compliments on it. This ring was definitly a great purchase.",
    "I love this set.  It is so realistic, I have purchased other sets and this is absolutely the best one.  I use this one for everday wear and receive so many compliments on my \"diamond\" set.  It is great.  Than you Gem Avenue for producing such great jewelry.",
    "i am very impressed with my wedding and engagement ring. i couldn't have had anything better with the amount i paid for. its amazing that i got this to spice up my big day. i love it. good quality",
    "I LOVE THE RING IT LOOKS GREAT I'M SO GLAD I HAVE IT NOW!! IT LOOK SOOOO GOOOOD IT WAS REALLY MORE THEN WHAT I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE...ME AND MY HUSBAND WANTED TO CUT SUM OF THE COST OF THE WEDDING AND WE BOTH GOT OUR RINGS ON THIS WEBSITE AND WE ARE GOING TO UPGRADE ON A LATER DATE... BUT EVERYBODY IS IN LOVE WITH BOTH OF OUR RINGS...THIS WAS A GREAT IDEA IF YOUR ON A BUDGET THAT WAY U DON'T GO INTO A UNION OWNING BILLS OFF DA GATE....",
    "I bought these rings in a size up because I am pregnant and my other set doesn't fit anymore. These rings are beautiful...so worth the money. As far as the rings not looking real.....You can tell if you are looking very closely but most people can't tell the difference and that is including my husband!",
    "After looking at rings for a wedding set for about 4 months I finally decided to purchase this set. I received them and they are perfect. Since they were such a cheap price I didn't expect them to be this nice. I wanted somethng that I could wear without having to worry about freaking out if I lost a stone out of one or banging them around when working. I am very picky, my husband says I have a little bit of OCD. I was concerened that the center stone would be to big and look fake or that the other stones would be so small you wouldn't be able to see them at all. I also was worrying about other issues that I had read about on reviews of other rings. The Size, the center stone being lose right out of the package, the stones turning black or quickly falling out. I had also read the review on this ring that said that there was a little gap between the rings because the center stone on the engagement ring was not set up high enough to let the rings nest together. So I was very anxious to actually receive the set in the mail and try them out for myself. They finally got here and I was VERY surprised to say the least. They were perfect. The stones were just the right size, not to small but not big enough they looked fake when showing people. The women at my work thought that they were real. All of the stones were secure in their settings and they are still just as sparkly now as when I took them out of the box. I wear a size 10 ring and its hard for me to find nice rings in my size. When I Took these out of the box and put them on they fit perfectly. There is a TINY gap between the rings but it is VERY TINY (so tiny I can't even think of anything that would fit in the gap between them, maybe you could get a VERY tiny knife blade between them but that s about it.) and not noticeable to anyone other than the wearer. I am VERY pleased with this purchase and I will be ordering from this seller again!",
    "I was truly surprised when I opened the pretty little silver box with the pink bow trimmed in silver and saw these rings! They are beautiful! And I haven't stopped smiling since. They give me joy every day! I have seen sets for a lot more money that didn't begin to compare with these. I ordered a size 5 and it was a perfect fit...I am very glad I decided to order these and I definately will be ordering again in the near future.",
    "It replace my wedding set, i use it every day.  Its beautifuL & perfect.",
    "I saw this ring online and fell in love when I got it it was even more beautiful! I love it! not to big and not to small!!!",
    "I have purchased from Gem Avenue prior to this purchase and have been very pleased with each purchase.  These rings are more stunning in person than in the photos for the ad.  They sparkle and shine no matter what I seem to get my hands into.  I haven't had any of the problems some of the others have mentioned other than the minor sizing problem which is easily fixable.  Gem Avenue is a great company to work with and will work with you until YOU are satisfied.  They have quick response to problems (I had a very minor one) and are very fast to attend to such errors.  I'll continue to be a happily satisfied customer.",
    "This is an absolutely gorgeous ring and is well worth the money!\nThe seller shipped promptly and the packaging made sure the ring was safe and secure. My daughter and her fiance are delighted with it as am I. I would recommend this product to anyone who deserves/desires a beautiful wedding set.",
    "I did not have an issue at all with the sizing.  I wear a six and ordered that size in this ring and it fit perfectly.  This is a beautiful ring.  The diamond is not too big and not too small.  My original wedding set is yellow gold and I was looking for something that would go with the silver jewelry that I wear most often now.  Perfect addition to my collection. Would highly recommend.",
    "This is a very beautiful ring set. The delivery was also quick. I ordered on Sunday and got them on Thursday!! I also ordered a size smaller and got a perfect fit! They are beautiful and for the price you don't have to worry about ruining them. People are surprised when i tell them how much I paid for them!!!",
    "I ordered these rings in size 5 and they were just right. I love them, they look very pretty, and after 1 month of wearing - even when I do the dishes - they haven't been tarnished a bit. Will buy again from GEM AVE.",
    "I had read all the reviews on this ring and did order a size smaller than what the size chart recommended. I am glad I did. It fits perfectly. This ring looks just like it does in the picture. It is very sparkly. It was shipped quickly after I ordered it. I am very pleased and will purchase from this company again.",
    "I just got my set and I love them. They are the perfect size. The gem is just the right size not to big. Completely believable. Its better than I expected. It came in the cutest little gift box. I will deffinately order from this company again.",
    "The replacement window sets for my Rolf wallet are perfect - just what I was looking for.  The price was great, the shipping was fast, and purchasing was an easy transaction.  I will order again when I need new replacements.",
    "Works just fine in my wallet.",
    "The plastic insert for my Rolfs wallet fit perfect. I will purchase these again when I need some more.",
    "Exactly as described. Worked perfectly. Fast shipping.",
    "Nice object.t.",
    "Nothing",
    "Really quality inserts that are hard to find in a store. They work perfectly.",
    "Fits perfectably.",
    "They work as expected and are very nicely made.",
    "I've installed the replacement windows, and they work just fine.",
    "good product",
    "great",
    "These are an exact replacement for the windows in a Rolf credit card wallet. Good value.",
    "Great product, however a little $$$",
    "My wallet inserts wear out long before my wallets. Problem solved!",
    "These inserts were exactly what I needed to extend the life of my wallet by a couple of years.  The product is a perfect fit, delivery was very timely and I could not be more staisfied!",
    "I just bought 5 inserts replacement windows. This item is the original design of Rolfs plastic wallet inserts replacement windows for 24 cards. The size is 3  x 4 7/8. As the original Rolf design, you load your cards from the side.",
    "thanks",
    "Very happy thanks. Good quailty",
    "Very pleased with the product",
    "This item was what I needed , fit my billfold perfectly !",
    "This is a quality product.  Its durable and holds up well.",
    "nice",
    "Arrived as promised, work perfectly.",
    "good",
    "Just what I needed to replace the worn out windows that came with my favorite wallet.",
    "This work great for organizing wallet. I have purchased these many times. I like the 2up style because it makes it easier and faster to flip thru and find the correct card.",
    "very satisfied",
    "Could not find these local.  Fits wallet keeps pics clean.",
    "Exactly what I was looking for - fair price - arrived within two days!",
    "Exactly what I needed. Would order again",
    "Happy to find the replacement windows for my wallet.  It gave new life and use to a nice wallet that would have been useless without this item. Thanks Amazon.",
    "Just what I wanted. Just like the original inserts which came with the wallet.\nThese aren't sold in any \"brick and mortar\" stores anymore, so a Godsend.",
    "I had no problems with this order, and the item quality was as expected. You can put pictures or cards in them with no clarity issues.",
    "It took me a number of years to get my wallet properly broken-in and these replacements are an excellent fit. Now I don't have to worry about losing pictures!",
    "Its nice to be able to find the original windows to replace the worn ones.  Nice not to have to purchase a new wallet instead I can use the wallet for a longer period of time!",
    "It is the one that fit my wallet\nIt is great for small pictures and credit cards.\nI would recommend it to anyone in need",
    "Fits my wallet perfectly.  Arrived earlier than projected.  Thinking of ordering another just in case this one also wears out.",
    "The perfect inserts for my Rolfs Passport Wallet. You'll need these as the Rolfs wallet will last you a couple of decades, but \"plastic\" seldom does.",
    "This is one of my all times favorites and i will gladly recommend it to all my friends. The product is terrific. Shipping was fast.",
    "I have had difficulty locating these things. Often the wallet is still healthy, only the insert has been worn out. AND my guy likes the unusual portfolio-style wallet.",
    "These things are great, I ended up buying a bunch of them.  There are 6 pages, so that is more than what you get with other brands I think.  The credit cards slide out of the top which makes them very easy to access, but I'm a little concerned they might be easier to fall out of the wallet that way.  So far no problems.",
    "Great supplement to the Rolfs Men's Cypress Attache Wallet.  Helps me organize my credit cards.  It helps spread out my credit cards in my wallet.",
    "Replacement for original. This item is very hard to find for an older no longer made wallet and I was so glad to get a replacement.",
    "These are hard to find.  Could not find any in the stores so I ended up purchasing 4 packs so I can have spares.",
    "The original wallet insert just plain wore out. My wallet has formed fitted itself to my posterior so I didn't want to go through the agony of breaking in a totally new one. All I needed was some new inserts. These are actually a tad wider than the originals so some items that were a snug fit just slip in easily. I like them.",
    "Finally I was able to get the chosen insert. Not too much to say, it does what you expect it to.",
    "These fit just right, and are very durable. I change them about once a year. Very good quality, and good value.",
    "Finally, an easy way to get these wallet windows.  The product was the perfect size and perfectly convenient to buy.",
    "This was just what I wanted. I could not locate any store in my area that sold these inserts so I am extremely happy to have them.",
    "Wife wanted to use this for costume party.\n\nQuality is surprisingly good.\n\nThey didn't design it for a slim figure so the fit is not necessarily best.\n\nOverall a good product.\n\nThumbs up.",
    "Great costume just runs a bit larger than expected.",
    "I'm 5'2, 115 lbs and I ordered an extra small. The dress was a perfect fit and a great deal. The costume came with all of the accessories pictured.",
    "Love this costume!  I tweaked it a bit, and made my own boot covers, but it was great! I highly recommend.",
    "Classic Wonder Woman outfit\nNeed to have the Wonder top to pull this one off\nI am a size 4-6 and needed a bit more Wonder for the top but the rest fit perfectly",
    "I love this costume the large fits me well I'm 5'6 240lbs\nThe only thing you may have to sew in the belt so it doesn't move.",
    "I'm so pleased with the quality of this costume.  Not cheap and flimsy like most costumes.  Really love it.  Thanks!",
    "Excellent costume!  The 'bracelets' are a bit too long for my short arms so I folded then in half inside and I added red stars to them to look more authentic. Lots of compliments!",
    "Love it",
    "won first prize at the party",
    "Bought this to wear to a superhero themed party. Because of the reviews, I bought a size extra small even though I would normally have ordered a small. I am glad I did. It fit perfectly. So I would suggest ordering a size smaller than normal. I couldn't be happier with this outfit.",
    "Order a size down just like the directions or just measure yourself. It should work out just fine. I love this outfit an me and my daughter had a blast and turned a lot of head in our Wonder Woman Costume. I will post photos later. I am so glad I bought this outfit.",
    "Great piece but did seem to run a little big.",
    "This costume fit perfectly.",
    "Awesome fit. Love it ",
    "Wore this like 3 years in a row! Looks cute!",
    "Perfect gift. Total surprise. Would buy again.",
    "I bought this for my 13 years old daughter small size I planned a little bit trim but no need.",
    "My pup had a matching outfit and we won first place at the local dog bar for our matching costumes!\nIt's a very cute costume.  The boots didn't stay up on me but I have thinner legs.",
    "i took medium, the upper part is a little large",
    "Looked and fit amazing!",
    "I'm 5'7\" and it was a little tight at first I was 170lb when I wore it. I folded the arm bands in half and bought different shoes and crown. Although if you had taped the shoe covers on they where high enough to cover knee boots. The cape would have keep me warm enough but at the time it was going to be super cold so I made myself a longer one and let my 3yr granddaughter have the one it came with. She loved it too! LOL!",
    "Super cute!",
    "Fit a little large, so I ordered a size smaller(medium) and it fit nicely, loose even. Costume looked great and I got plenty of compliments. I'm a 34DD so I was worried about the top part, but it fit perfectly with a strapless self adhesive bra. Great for the price",
    "It was two sizes too big, but i rather it be too big than too small. I was able to talyor it to fit.",
    "Great Costume! Fit perfectly.",
    "I bought this to wear as a Halloween costume for a party. It fit great but I didn't love the boot covers so I ended up just buying a pair from Goodwill and spray painting them. Other than that it looked amazing",
    "Fantastic costume at a fraction of the cost of Halloween party stores!",
    "I loved this costume and receive a lot of compliments..it was just a little to big.  Well made/good material!!",
    "This costume fit perfectly!!!  I love the way it looks. I definitely felt like Wonder Woman for the night!",
    "Great",
    "Great costume, great price!  Love it.",
    "This costume is very nice and fits well. I had no issues with any of it. I followed the other reviewers comments in regards to the sizing and glad that I did. It came right away as expected next day delivery. Wore it to a Halloween party and surprised how I was the only wonder woman. LOVED IT!!!!",
    "All of the pieces are just wonderful. I wear size 12 jeans and generally have wide hips and the skirt fit great, with adequate length. They didn't skimp on material or quality, even for such a great price. Quite modest in terms of Halloween outfits. Lots of options in terms of wearing warm layers underneath or on top too. Would definitely recommend.",
    "Fit as expected !",
    "Very efficient with the return of my money into my bank account. I ended up not wanting to do this costume.  I got the medium due to the reviews but it fit small (as expected I'm 5.7 186lbs) but did feel like if I got a large it would be to big. For the way it fit when i had the medium on.",
    "Ibougth extra small so I think it was my fault! It is excelent",
    "It's a nice costume just doesn't fit snug enough like the women in the photo. Maybe I should have gotten a large not extra large. I'm 5'5 180 but I'm solid not flabby so I don't know it's loose in the back and on the sides",
    "Exactly as sizing chart specify , is a tad itchy",
    "Good value!",
    "Fast delivery. Item as described. I'm very satisfied.",
    "great",
    "This is a great Wonder Woman costume!  I'm so glad I read the other reviews before ordering.  I normally wear a size 18 or a size 18W and took the advice of the other reviewers and ordered a size down and purchased the size Large.  I also purchased a pair of blue and white star shorts to wear underneath since I felt the skirt was too short.  The top and belt fit perfectly too.  I will try and post pictures later this month when I wear it to a Super Hero themed birthday party.",
    "Better than expected! Top is soft material, not the cheap plastic of most costumes. I ordered small because I can wear 4-6 in dresses and it fits perfectly.",
    "Awesome.. Can't wait for Halloween. Medium fits well.  I am 5'8\" & weight 160.. It fits great!",
    "I normally wear a medium and I bought a small and it fit well. Bought a lasso and didn't use the boot covers as they were an odd fit. I also didn't use the \"cuffs\"",
    "Cute outfit",
    "OK",
    "great looking costume for the money.  its not too short so i can wear it to work without flashing my goodies.  the top is loose so I had it taken in(size 12 top/large/ 36DD) but the hips fit my size 14 curves so I got the large.",
    "Happy with it",
    "Packaged Nicely. It was a bit wrinkly. And had to tape the boot sleeves to soles of shoes because it rode up exposing shoe underneath. It was very skimpy but appropriate for a wonder woman costume. The head peice and arm ands were cheapy but still worked for the price. I was happy with the purchase.",
    "After a different size it really worked out.\nThank you Amazon",
    "Sexy",
    "Cute , quality outfit. Completely worth the little extra money and leaps and bounds better than the brick and mortar places you drive to. The legging things that make up the boots was the only thing that ran a little big, but a few quick whip stitches and it was perfect.",
    "Work Well for my wife for Halloween",
    "I did have to pin the back together because it was too big, but it looked so great for a cheap costume that I didn't even care. So fun.",
    "Thanks",
    "Best costume ever! Follow the directions and go down a size.",
    "Love it!",
    "some back-ironing will do the costume lots of good.",
    "Perfect!",
    "awesome",
    "stretched out to fit and worked well not to short I am 5'1 95 pd's great wrapping and packaging all tags were intact and worth the sale price I paid!",
    "Costume was great!  For true to Suze abs the accessories were all practical and well made. Also,  a great deal.  Costume stores selling the same costume for $60.",
    "It was actually for my grandson's girl friend and he said it was fine.",
    "I LOVED THIS CUSTOM It came with everything but the lasso, but that did not matter because I was totally Wonder Woman....LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!!!",
    "loved it!",
    "It arrived late and missing ALL accessories:(",
    "Great value for the price",
    "Actually a pretty decent costume for the price (only $13 when I purchased). After reading the reviews I went a size down from what I would normally wear. The boot covers aren't the best but what can you expect! The skirt was a good length for me. Not long but not too short, as long as I didn't bend over! Would definitely recommend for the price!",
    "Bought it for my daughter and she looked fantastic!",
    "Couldn't beat it for less than $20.",
    "High quality costume that exceeded expectations. My daughter is 5'4 and 90 lbs and the xs fit great! The fabrics are sturdy and the velvety top is great!",
    "Awesome costume. Delivered exactly as advertised. Defiantly a good buy.",
    "I am a size 10-12 and based on reviews I bought a medium. It fit well. Cute. The cape makes the outfit.",
    "The one I bought straight from Amazon came by really fast, within the span of 10 days and that's fast coming from Canada! The costume was exactly what I wanted and shown exactly what was depicted in the picture, not too showy in the chest area and school appropriate enough for my last year in high school! I did have to adjust the torso on the back a bit as it was a bit too loose and ended up creasing on the sides. Not too much of a probably though, didn't really end up using the boot tops too much as they wouldn't stay with my boots. Pretty happy with my purchase and can be re-used for next year's Halloween! :)",
    "The costume is great, very well made.  The bust and arm cuffs are very large though.",
    "I've lost a lot of weight so I'm hesitant to say it runs large but I believe an xl should have fit me right but it is definitely too big and I wish I had a large. Too late to send it back, nothing a little pining won't fix. Otherwise I love it and all these pieces for the price can't be beat!",
    "I had ordered for the first time from this company about two weeks ago. The first costume I ordered was a large (costumes usually run small) I received my order literally in two days! But it was too big. So I sent it back ordered a medium and received that on immediately as well. No problem! Customer service was excellent. Although the medium was still a little big as well, they did disclose in the description that this particular brand runs a bit larger than usual. Very satisfied with company and service! Thanks again!",
    "Great product",
    "Costume looks great!",
    "For the price, this is a very cute costume!",
    "Love it! Fits well and good quality for a costume.",
    "The previous reviews I read were spot on. This costume is larger than size indicated. I would normally get a medium but this Small fits perfectly.\nLove it and thanks for the speedy delivery.",
    "Looks just like the picture!",
    "I was skeptical about purchasing this costume after reading some of the reviews, as it was about 50/50 good and bad. But I ordered it anyway and the costume is actually perfect. It looks exactly like the picture shown. The boot covers are velvet red with white stripes. The skirt portion of the dress is a shiny blue material and the top is also a velvety red corset with a stretchy back. I am 5/9 and weigh about 125 lbs and and a C-cup and the small fit me perfectly. I normally wear a size medium in tops but after reading that this costume runs small I went for a small instead of medium and the fit was great. The skirt portion was also a good length, short enough to be sexy but not too long. Would recommend, especially for the price and all the accessories you get with it (headband, cape, boot covers, and arm bands).",
    "I bought a size small and it fit perfectly. I am 5'5, 150lbs.\nGreat quality and not too short.",
    "Absolutely love this costume!!!!! It was perfect for my nephews birthday party. Full coverage and comfortable for a couple of hours.",
    "This was exactly what I expected. A few reviews said it ran small so I ordered down a size and it fits perfectly. It arrived with all of the accessories and would definitely recommend it to a friend.",
    "Somewhat large because it fits 10-14 and I'm on the smaller end but the  boot covers fit well.",
    "Used for a costume party. Worked well",
    "Gorgeous costume but was way too big for me..if you wear extra large..order a large",
    "The costume was great.  I wore it for an event kicking off a local library \"super hero\" reading program for kids.  The library couldn't find a Wonder Woman costume for me so I bought this one myself, and I fit in fine with the rented costumes other people wore.  It was nice because it was modest for the kids at the bust and skirt (the woman's chest in this picture isn't how you'll look unless you're using some major duct tape).  I ordered smaller because the reviews recommended it - I'm a 36DD, 32\" waist, 40\" hips, and always a \"large\" - but the medium fit perfectly.  As others said, the \"boots\" are pretty worthless, but I knew that going in so I was prepared with other boots.  The quality is good enough for parties and such, and the price was great.",
    "Loved being wonder women for Halloween. I work at a elementary school so super hero costumes can be used often. ESP the cape. The whole costume was of good quality and the cape didn't hurt your neck as it velcroed behind your neck and had padding in the front. The leg pieces would sometimes fall down but I just pinned them to socks I was wearing underneath.\nOverall I loved it and would consider buying another costume from this seller.",
    "It was perfect! I wore it in a half marathon and it stayed up perfectly with my sports bra. I got a small and I'm a size 6 with a D chest. The only downside is the cape physically chokes too much and the leggings did not stay up while running. But it was perfect and adorable for the price!",
    "I really love this product. The material is nicer than expected and is nice quality. I ordered it for my Relay for Life team's Ms. Relay contestant. I read the reviews and saw that the product runs big so I ordered a size smaller than normal and it fit perfectly. The cape is a bit small around the neck and the boot covers are actually a soft material, not the vinyl looking material of the picture, but overall the outfit  is great.",
    "I am my husbands Wonder Woman",
    "It was nice, but if you have tiny knockers, go a size smaller.",
    "Leggings were too small but everything else was great. Swam in it at a Polar Plunge. Double-sided sticky tape kept the top in place. Costume washed and dried very well. Ordered one size down.",
    "Fits a bit big, but can work with it. Otherwise fits great, got the reaction i was hoping for.",
    "Excellent,  delivery fast",
    "This fit very well, but I had to order a size smaller as the other reviews stated :) very satisfied with my purchase. Lots of accessories included.",
    "Love it! Fits better than expected! Does run a bit large but the cape was too small around the neck so I made some alterations to make it fit!  Really cute!!",
    "Very conferrable , fit true to size - I will be wearing this for the next couple Halloweens!!!",
    "Bought this for a 21 yo for her birthday, who is an avid WW fan.  She wears a sz 8 but that was too big.  Returned it and this fits perfectly.  She has worn it around the house before and AFTER Halloween.  It is well made and what a GREAT price. No hassle returns too.",
    "Nice costume.  Looked great",
    "ready for the PARTY",
    "great quality and fit",
    "Great",
    "good fit",
    "Nice looking costume. Adaptable to fit over clothes or without.",
    "Perfect fit and all the accessories made the costume just perfect!!!! I got a lot more than I paid for!",
    "This is a great costume.  Not the most high quality garment of clothing but will last for several Halloween parties.  I bought the size small for my wife who is about 5'6\", 125lbs.  She didn't have to adjust it with safety pins anywhere.  She normally wears size Med in shirts and 4-6 in pants and dresses.",
    "Extremely satisfied with costume.  I was very surprised about the great quality, it was real material!  The only part I could not use were the slip on leggings, they are very narrow for a large outfit.  I wore my own red shoes that were perfect with costume. Overall,  for the price this is a great value for the high quality you receive.  Much better than going to a store and paying $50 for a paper thin outfit!",
    "This costume is of good quality, looks sexy but not risqu since it covers everything. I got lots of compliments on it.",
    "Wonder Woman costume was a perfect fit.",
    "It was for my grandaughter she loved it and she looked great in it.",
    "The packaging was in good condition and the costume fit and looked great. It was the quality I expected.",
    "Very good the custom and fast\nShipping. I AM very happy.\nThank you very much",
    "Great quality, and fits perfect.",
    "This costume is so nice!! My only problem is limited to the reviews claiming this costume runs large -- what??! I am 5'3\" and 115 lbs - I comfortable wear a size 2. I ordered the xs based on the reviews, and it is too tight!! And it arrived today, day before Halloween, so no time to order a size up. I'm going to have to hold my breath for hours tomorrow but it will be worth it because this costume is very cute!\n\nMy advice: order your normal size (or better yet, a couple of sizes and just return what doesn't fit)",
    "Had to make a slight adjustment on the cape and armbands but overall good stuff",
    "This outfit came with the cape, suit, boot covers and small velcro tiara.  Everything fit fine but the boot covers.  They were too small, but red boots completed the outfit for me.",
    "The color and material quality is great. It fit a little large but almost true to size. As with the other reviews, the boot covers could have been a better quality (one of mine ripped when I was putting it on) but they aren't as bad as the reviews sound. If you don't want to spend extra money buying boots to match the costume, the boot covers will suffice. I placed 3rd place in a costume contest with this costume.",
    "love it great quality",
    "I love this costume! The fabric of the dress is good quality. The top is like a foam on the inside and velour on the outside and the skirt is thick spandex like material. The accessories are great too. They are the same foam material. The boot covers are very cute. They are a little hard to get over my calves but it's good that they are so fitted because it ensures they won't fall down or move around. I ordered a small. I'm 5'6\" 135. I highly recommend this costume for the low price and high quality!",
    "You get a lot of product for the money. Can't wait to see my husband wearing it!!",
    "Great costumer for a great price.  I read that the sizes run big so I ordered an xsmall.  I am 5'3\" size 4, xsmall fit perfectly",
    "Reviews said it runs large, so I got a smaller size. It fits perfectly.",
    "I bought this costume at a Halloween store in town and got a size small. It was a bit too big in the back area, too much loose fabric. I ordered an XS from this seller, and it came quickly. It is a well made costume, and it fit my body type perfectly. I am 5'10, weigh 155 lbs with an athletic, muscular shape. I have 34DDD chest and my waist is about 27\", with large butt and thighs. The XS fits like a glove, it makes the girls look AMAZING! I would recommend ordering a size smaller than what you normally would. If you don't, you will probably have to take it in. There was way too much extra fabric on the size small. The cuffs are a shiny silver neoprene material, they look ok but I got real gold metal cuffs that I will be wearing instead. The skirt is short but I'm going to get some Wonder Woman boyshorts and that should solve the issue. Overall it's a great costume, definitely worth the money. Just remember to order a smaller size!",
    "I'm 5'6\" and a very muscular 150 lbs.  I was worried that I wouldn't fill out the bust, and that the skirt would be too short for my booty.  Based on the reviews here, I ordered a small, when I would normally get a medium/large.  My measurements are 36-31-42 and it was a perfect fit.  Literally.  Any smaller and it would have been too small.\n\nThe material is sturdy, and it looks really good.  I'm very happy with it!",
    "Very nice material! Love. It!",
    "Perfect",
    "I really like the costume, but the boot covers are really tight. Other than that I got what I expected. The bust area is pretty big, but it's very comfortable",
    "I really like this outfit",
    "This is a gorgeous costume that is well made.  My costume does not have a zipper closure but I could pull it over my head without it stretching out of shape.  The cape is light weight but I think it will be fine and sort of \"billow\" when I walk which will add to the aura of the costume.  The arm guards, crown, and belt are light weight but they are shiny and will suffice, however I did order metal ones to use instead.  I love this costume!!",
    "Fits perfect! It has elastic in certain areas which makes it a great for anyone because we are all not proportioned the same.",
    "Great quality costume for price.  Was very happy with the material used and overall design.",
    "Very cute. I am wearing it for a pub crawl. It is comfortable and should work perfectly.",
    "Really cute and comfortable costume.  Used it for patriotic boat parade.....Theme was \"For truth, Justice, and the American Way\"....with Capt. America and Wonder Woman",
    "Thankfully I read the reviews before buying.  As others have stated, this costume runs large. I noted that and ordered a size smaller than I normally would, and it fit well.  I normally wear a women's size large.  The medium fit perfectly. I'm also rather large chested though, so I'm not sure how this outfit would fit on a woman with a smaller chest size. I was very happy with the overall quality, especially for the price.  I don't think I could have made an outfit any better.  The boot covers were better quality than I was expecting, they were a velvet-type material, and large enough to actually fit over boots.  I plan to wear the outfit with a separate pair of boots I ordered, but if you aren't terribly into costuming, the boot covers should work fine.",
    "This is licensed apparel and it looks very nice and has a lot of extra detail you don't find when you get a knock off at Party City.",
    "I am a size 18 and this was perfect, with just al little bit of extra wiggle room.  it was a big hit at a Halloween party and I must say it was pretty comfortable.",
    "granddaughter loved this and it fit her perfect for her super hero party.  was great to have the whole outfit",
    "It is awesome, has all the accessories and is a great price. I got a medium and it fit good --possibly could have got a small. I'm 5'10, 130.",
    "This costume smelled like cigarette smoke, I had to air it out. Once that was done it was fit to wear, comfortable and plenty of space.",
    "I order an xl and it was too big and the leg warmers were too big so i made them thigh highs to give me an added sexy look. Over all the quality was great and I was very pleased, I roughly wear 12-14 so it was a little to big.  I was a hit in this costume.  Wonder Woman was every little girls super hero and I got a chance to be her. I received it in a timely manner and the price was well worth it.",
    "The wonder woman costume fit perfectly and was complete to the T. Everyone celebrated my costume and I enjoyed dressing up for Halloween this year!",
    "It's a nice costume, well made, no flare or anything.\nThe dress is made very good and the skirt is not too short. I really liked it",
    "Very nice costume!  Sizes do run a bit large so buy down one size.  The leg covers slip down.  Might try holding them up with a garter belt or just not wear them at all.  Either way the costume looks great!  Can't wait to wear it!",
    "Well worth the money!  I will be able to use this costume more than one or two times.  Looks great!",
    "love this costume. fits & feels great.\nhowever the arm braclets are a little big, they are silver I think they need to be gold colored to go with the rest of the costume",
    "I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the dress part of the costume. I am usually a 12 and since costumes run small I was afraid this would not fit. However, this is roomy and comfortable. Can't wait until Halloween!!! :)",
    "This is exactly what I was expecting (per one of the other reviewers information). It was exactly what I was looking for and worth the price!",
    "I normally wear a size 8, I got the small as reviews said it ran big. good call.  the boot toppers, as other reviewers called it, are not so great, but hey, it IS a costume.  I plan to buy gogo boots for it later.\nwith the fact it's a costume in mind, it's great.  as I am short (5'2\") the skirt goes mid-thigh. but I like that.  I'm not uber-conservative, but I'm not an exhibitionist either.\nall in all, it's worth it.\ndon't forget to check Amazon for a lasso. there's one for about $6.  goes great with costume.",
    "Thanks so much. nice product and very beautiful dress. i recomended this customer. 100% secure. my wife likes this gift",
    "I love this costume.  I received so many compliments while wearing it. The material is of great quality.  It is all well put together.",
    "This is the costume I was looking for and it fits perfectly! I can't wait for Halloween.",
    "The Red Flapper dress was a great hit at the party. Many men and women wanted pictures with me and of me. Most of the older folks talked about mothers and sisters who used to be Flappers and how much I reminded them of pictures of their loved ones. It was a wonderful evening, one I will remember always. Thanks to the Red Flapper Dress.",
    "Everything was in great condition and the item was just as described!",
    "Love this dress. I felt very pretty and the material was sturdy.",
    "Daughter wore this for a costume.  It was really pretty!",
    "It did the job for a Halloween party. I am not use to having it sooooo!!! short. But shorts pants was not an option.",
    "Was exactly what i wanted",
    "Love it!",
    "I bought this to wear to a 20's themed party and I could not believe the weight and quality of this dress for the price!  I did end up sort of pinning the waist at the back to give it more shape, but that is just me.  I think this style dress is straight and I like a more fitted look.",
    "After reading reviews I did order a size up (i'm 5'4\" and 120lbs and got a Medium when I would usually get a small) and it fit very well! Was a great quality and although I did lose a few fringe you wouldn't notice at all.",
    "This item fit perfectly, not too short or low cut as the photo would have suggested.",
    "This was a great costume. I ordered an accessory kit from someplace else and I bought a feather boa at a Halloween store, plus some fishnets, a blonde wig and some great twenties style shoes. It was an absolute excellent costume and I won the contest. This costume fits well and is made well enough that I can probably lend it to somebody else next year.",
    "Excellent service and product better quality than expected",
    "This is a great dress for a Halloween party! I was nervous bc ppl said it didn't fit right but I got a large I am 57 and around 160 pounds its a little loose but not noticeable. The black color gives a slimming look and its comfortable. The length comes to my mid thy deffinalty a good length where I don't feel exsposed. None of my tassels have came off yet. The head band is kinda itchy bc of the squenes but I got another one from a set of accessories I ordered. I just got this bc it was a great price for the dress!",
    "I am 5 5 and 130 pounds. Medium size worked great.  I could fit into a small (friend had one I tried), but it was very tight.  Very happy with the medium size I bought.",
    "Choice 1of 3\nMuch better than expected. ..what a hit..\nThe head band i add  feathers to, the band could have been wider but overall very happy. .ty",
    "Perfect!",
    "Ordered the xl and am a size 12/14 and it fit just fine. Great dress for the price. Didn't use the headdress as it's not so spectacular.",
    "A dress for my daughter to wear to her aunt's Roaring 20's themed wedding!  My daughter loves the dress and it looks spectacular!",
    "Wow, Great Quality.",
    "This was PERFECT for our murder mystery party!!!",
    "Lots of compliments on this dress. A few fringes fell off throughout the night but not enough to even notice. Will wear it again!",
    "I love it!",
    "Perfect dress for the occasion!",
    "Fine",
    "Perfect fit...great dress",
    "I'm a size 8-10 and the large fit perfectly. The dress stayed together through an hour of Zumba at the gym.  Lots of compliments on this dress.\nCan't wait to wear it again!",
    "This is a great item, but order one size up as it is really short.",
    "It's a little short but it's beautiful!",
    "Used in a play production and it looked perfect!",
    "A quality costume!  Loved it!!!!!",
    "Great outfit for the price! Surprisingly, it is made with great quality and the sizes run as expected.  I received a lot of compliments on the dress.",
    "As described",
    "this was a great costume and definitely fit as expected.",
    "Fits as expected, looks more expensive!",
    "Nice for the price.",
    "Wife looked great in it?",
    "For the price is great!!! Fit as expect, the long of the dress is perfect.",
    "I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the dress.  I wore it to a great Gatsby party and it was a hit. Great product for a great price. I went to several different stores looking for a dress but they were too expensive for not great quality And design.  This was perfect !",
    "Very nice and fit perfectly",
    "beautiful on",
    "This is a very high quality dress.  I do not understand the bad reviews.  A little low cut for me, but I will just pin up the straps.  I am 5'2\" and 105 lbs and it fit perfectly.",
    "Great price",
    "we ordered up in size for my mom and it fit perfect",
    "Very nice dress just too short",
    "Very cute on !  Very well put together.  Wore it all evening and it held up wonderfully and will be able to use over and over.",
    "I should have got a size bigger, to be more comfortable in it. But it was a beautiful dress and greatly made!",
    "Perfect fit",
    "Doesnt look cheaply made. Fits perfectly, highly recommended :)",
    "Great fit. I loved it.",
    "I just wore this for Halloweeen and loved it! The fringe did start to fall off when I took it out of the package but it held up well throughout the night. I'm 5'8\", 160lbs and the XL fit on the looser side but a looser fit is more appropriate for a flapper costume. The headband was great too!",
    "While I say it is somewhat large, it is not excessively so.  It is actually more between 'fit as expected' and 'somewhat large'.  I ordered a medium for my daughter (5'8, 130 lb) and it fit her almost perfectly.  A little looser (meaning, not skin tight) and a little longer than expected.  The 'little longer than expected' was a positive as this costume was to be for her to get extra credit at school.  The skirt in the picture shows it a little shorter than I think would have been allowed for regular skirts in school, so the fact it was a little longer than the picture is a good thing!\n\nWhile it came packaged in a plastic bag, the quality was much better than I expected for the price.  It does not seems as though the fringe will be falling off, which is good.\n\nThe dress is slightly low in back, but not excessively so and the front is pretty modest.  The straps of the dress have fringe on them (didn't notice it in the pics).\n\nOverall, very impressed with the quality of this product for the price.  Very good value.\n\nWill update with how well it wore while my daughter was at school.  She has to wear it to school for a 'prohibition party' in a class, so I will know exactly how well it holds up.",
    "Absolutely perfect! I am a dress size 2, and the small fit my perfectly! The costume was a big hit at my halloween party and for work! Good quality. I did purchase another black headband when I lost the gold one, but still a great costume!",
    "I love this dress.  I'm a medium but after reading the reviews I decided to order a large.  The fit and length were perfect.  I will be wearing it to a party tonight so at this point I don't know how it will wear.  It seems to be made very well so I don't think I'll have any problems with it.\n\nUpdate..I had so many compliments on this dress at the party I attended.  I was very pleased and will definitely order again.",
    "Great costume! Fits as expected!",
    "My daughter needed it for a school event it fits great.",
    "Better than expected. Fast delivery",
    "I ordered this as an impulse buy about a month before Halloween, and I do not regret it. It fits exactly as in the picture (I'm 5'5\"-5'6\"and 130-135 pounds) and it looks super cute! I wish it came with gloves, but I will just buy those and fishnet stockings separately, making it still cheaper than comparable outfits at Halloween or party supply stores.",
    "Just beautiful!",
    "Very good quality! Heavy and not see through. Love it!",
    "Fit perfectly and was delivered on time!",
    "I was a bit worried the dress would be too small, but decided to go with my normal size (small). The dress fit perfectly! I am 34DD, pant size 26/27, 5'3\". It will work great for the 1920s party I am attending and you can't beat the price!",
    "My daughter loved it",
    "My niece loved it and is wearing it to homecoming with a theme of The Great Gatsby.  Gloves, hose and boa do not come with it, only headband and dress but a great buy and good quality.",
    "Amazing costume I love this !",
    "Just as described, thanks!",
    "Loved the dress, as did everyone else.  Great fit!  I was very pleased.",
    "It's a costume with costume quality.  It served its purpose for a Great Gatsby themed party.",
    "Great costume",
    "I usually wear a size 4.  I sized up because people said it runs small.  I ordered a medium and had to return it for a small.  The small fits perfectly.",
    "Great costume and fit perfect. Sizing was right on. Costume came with all the pieces.",
    "Loved the dress! Fit perfectly! Im 5\"11 and a size 6. Large fit perfect. Good quality, recieved many compliements. Head piece is pretty basic, just the headband and the feather. I fixed it myself but overall it was a great purchase!",
    "Love it",
    "Very nice dress! Really good quality!!!!",
    "Loved my dress!! Fit perfect and looked great..it does have a bit of static not sure if it had something to with the weather but did not bother me at all.",
    "So I bought it for my kid to wear at the performance as a costume. However, the quality of this dress is amazing. I am picky and I realized I am actually going to wear it. It doesn't look cheap or costume-like. I ended up loving it!!",
    "This dress worked perfectly for a Great Gatsby themed wedding. I am 5'2, 125 pounds and the small fit perfectly.",
    "Fit perfectly...worked out well for the event...didn't realize it came with a head band with a feather.  I will send the other headband I ordered back because it didn't fit as well.",
    "Really good quality for the price. I disagree with the other reviews that say it runs small. I found it true to size. Also, I am 5'11\" and was pleasantly surprised that this was not too short on me.",
    "This was a great costume purchase!  I planned a surprise gangster party for my wife's 45th birthday this year.  I bought this costume without her input, but what a great purchase!  I followed the fit guide provided by California Costumes and bought her a size small.  My wife is petite.  She is 5'3\" tall and weights about 105 pounds.  The costume fit perfectly and she said it was very comfortable.  I had purchased California Costumes in the past, and had knowledge of what a quality costume they make.  This costume was just as pictured in the description and it was a great hit with my wonderful bride.  The costume held up well, and I was able to fold the costume back up and put it in the original packaging again and we will use it for a Halloween event sometime in the future.  California Costumes really does a great job.  We currently have three California Costumes, and I would definitely purchase from them again.  Their fit guides and descriptions are consistent with the actual product, and the quality can't be beat.  I have included a picture of us in our costumes...her is the California Costume, mine is just a deconstructed suit that I made into a gangster costume.  (P.S.  The gray boa, the pearls, the hose, and shoes on my wife's costume were purchased separately, they are not included in the original costume,but they really added some great detail)",
    "I looked amazing in my costume for my dance concert. It held up perfectly!",
    "Great product! Just as advertised",
    "I am really glad I didn't go by most of the reviews. I ordered my normal size (small) and it fit perfect! It is comfortably roomy - not baggy or too tight. I wear anywhere from a size 0 to a size 4 petite.",
    "Bought the small costume for my daughter for a 20's night presentation she had to give at school.  She is 4\"9\" and the length and fit were great!  Dress is very flattering and not tight through the middle or hips.  The headband with the single feather was fine - slightly small feather but she is petite and she thought she looked great! Added fishnet stockings, gloves, beads and a black feather boa (that never stops shedding!)  She looked marvelous and got many compliments on her outfit!  Ordered it with Amazon prime and it arrived in 48 hours.",
    "Fit was nice, not too short as most were.",
    "Great deal and fit",
    "I got a size up from what I normally wear as recommended by the other reviews. Unfortunately for me, it seems true to size so ended up returning it due to it being too big on me. I'm 110 lbs and size small was too big",
    "I really love this costume! Just a warning, the other reviewers are right about it running small. I usually wear a 8-10 dress size and ordered the xl thinking I'd need to take it in somewhat. It actually fit perfectly!",
    "Fits great. Smooth transaction. Thank you!!!",
    "It worked for what I needed",
    "perfect for my daughter's great gatsby party. :)  the medium fit like a medium.",
    "bought this for work on Halloween. I also bought it a size bigger and it fit fine.  Great costume for the price.  Heavier than I expected.  Pleasant surprise.",
    "Exactly as expected. Good fit and fun costume",
    "Great costume and received it promptly",
    "Came the next day. Fit very well surprisingly good quality for such a low price.",
    "Excellent costume",
    "As we are going to a 20's themed party, this dress is the \"cat's meow\".  Totally party appropriate!!",
    "Absolutely love it!!  For the price you couldn't beat it!!",
    "I wore this to a 1920s themed bridal shower and everyone commented on it and asked where I got it. It was so comfortable and so easy to accessorize!",
    "This dress was not only very cute, but a great price for a party.  Very happy with this!",
    "Great Halloween costume. Looks good on and fits well.",
    "Great dress!!!!!",
    "A little snug to yr body but it's very nice and affordable",
    "great for the price and for halloween :)",
    "nice outfit",
    "Great well-built costume, can definitely use multiple times. I'm 115 lbs, 5'5'' and the small fits me well (just like the picture, not tight, with some extra room).  As a reference to the reviews that say the dress run small, particularly in the waist area, i wear 26\" jeans and i still have plenty of room in the small.",
    "This fits perfect!  And great dress and hairpiece!",
    "It's nice to wear a flapper dress, because I feel like Leonardo's leading lady in his \"Gatsby\" movie.",
    "Too big for me but great service, quality and return policy.",
    "So the dress is exactly as pictured and described. And I'm actually really happy with it. HOWEVER. Because of other reviews, I was afraid to order the dress true to size, since so many people have said that the dress runs small.\nI am 5\"5, 116 lbs, have a small chest and usually wear a small in everything. But I ordered a medium because that's what all the reviews said to do, and the dress is definitely too big. I'm actually fine with it, because it's just a little too baggy and long which actually gives it more of a genuine 1920's look (clothes kind of hung on women back then and were not form fitting).\nSo, all in all, I would say that if you are looking for this dress to fit you right, and maybe be a little sexier, buy the size you usually wear. If you have some time before the event you're wearing it to, you can always send it back and re-order if it's too big/small.\nAs far as the product goes, I'm very happy with the quality and everything about the dress. It smells horribly of chemical plastic, so give it some time to air out. And the headdress, as everyone else has mentioned, is sparse and could use some TLC if you're wanting a really snazzy headpeice. But I'm wearing it as is because I think it's just fine.",
    "I loved it <3",
    "Happy customer ",
    "It was great!!!",
    "I didn't get to wear it as planned..party changed but I do like the dress and will keep for something future I hope.  I am a size 4 and the SM fit well.  The SM did say 6-8 and in street clothes a 6-8 would be big on me...I'm about 108 lbs. I read the reviews.  I believe it did have an x-small which I  would have ordered since I'm not 6-8 but was not offered on the order page...glad because it would have been too small.  And, I'm 5 '3\" so it's  longer on me than picture shown.",
    "It was perfect",
    "I was blown away by the quality of this dress!! For what I paid I kept my expectations low. I was worried about the size but it fit perfectly ordering exactly the size I am. I highly recommend this!!!!",
    "Fit well and was well made for being inexpensive!",
    "Very satisfied with this product. I received it the day before I wanted to wear it and was I nervous that it wasn't going to fit but it looked great! Plus, it was only $16. The only downside is that the tag tells you not to wash/dry the dress, only spot clean.",
    "Perfect costume. Won first prize as a group as gangstas and flappers.",
    "I am a size 6 currently and it was short and a bit tight but it looked awesome!",
    "Used for a Halloween costume and fit perfectly! I'm 5'0 and it was right at my knees, which is what I wanted!",
    "Great costume dress, a bit shorter then expected, but very comfortable.  I did order a size up, per previous reviews.",
    "It is beautiful! The dress really worth it. I just miss the gloves. But otherwise it was perfect",
    "I went a size up as everyone said... It was still a little loose but as a flapper, thats ok. I actually cut the bottom of it to make it a little shorter. But very happy with my purchase. I will definitely be able to use it again as well",
    "Bought this for my daughter who is petite but is very well endowed in the chest and bottom area. So, we went with a medium since all said it ran small but we had to take it in by length and sides. It is very cute. I would just make sure you order in advance in case you need to exchange it.",
    "Great dress! It is definitely worth the money. It felt like a high quality dress instead of a costume! I will buy all of my costumes from this company from now on. The size matched me perfectly!",
    "This is the first time I've bought a costume online that I DIDN'T regret! I wore it to 3 parties, got lots of compliments about it, and I will definitely wear it again in the future.\n\nOne of my concerns was that the material would be cheap and the fringe would be too sparse. Neither were the case! I'm 5'5, 150 lbs, generally wear a size 10 dress, and I bought a size Large. It fit perfectly, but any smaller around the hips (mine are 40\" around) would have been a problem.\n\nOver all, I'm very satisfied!",
    "Bought this for a zumba Halloween event, and had many, many compliments.  We did have our Zumba class and the costume held up remarkably well through all the activity--I wore a thin pair of shorts underneath for decency.  I did a spot clean under the arms and hopefully, in the future, I will have an opportunity to wear it again.  After reading reviews, I ordered the next size up from what I normally would wear.  I am glad I did, as in the hip area there was no room to spare.  Because of the fringe sewn around the dress there is no \"give\" in the material. I would definitely recommend this costume.",
    "Really cute and flattering!",
    "Good Fit, ordered Medium typically wear size 8 dress.",
    "Impressed by the quality of the dress. It doesn't look like a costume it could easily pass as a normal black dress. Very good for the price.",
    "I accidentally ordered this in a x-large which according to the size chart is for a 12-14, i'm usually more of a 14-16 which would have been a XXlarge or plus. I didn't realize this error until after it shipped. I read other reviews which stated this dress ran very small and was short and even recommended to order a size up which made me nervous because according to the measurements on the size chart, this never would fit me with the size i had ordered. I tried it on anyways and I'm glad I did, the X-large fits me perfect and I'm not easy to fit, especially with dresses. I'm 5'7, a 38 DD and more broad across the shoulders with a rectangular torso, like no hip indentations lol but the X-large is dead on, not tight at all, i'm comfortable and have extra room. It hits about 2.5 inches above my knee which i wouldn't consider \"short\" with my arms at my sides my finger tips is about the length of this dress. The only thing I will say is yes it is more fitting around the hip area as this dress is supposed to be like a sheath dress, if you are more hippy or pear shaped, this may not work for you or size up. The head piece that is included is nothing special, elastic with sequins and a feather, kind of scratchy to wear. I ordered another headpiece separately and it just looked nicer and better quality it was silky and more comfortable. Overall this costume looked great :)",
    "This dress is darling! I am 5 3\" 1251b, I read many reviews before buying. Its a little longer on me as Im short but it is above the knee. I got a little black belt to help lift it up just a little. I bought the medium but should have bought the small.",
    "Love this costume. Fits true to size with lots of fringe!",
    "Just as I expected. One thing that someone who is interested to boy this must bear in mind the price. This costume is really good, if someone want an amazing materials, can buy the expensive costumes starting from 50$.\nIt is excellent and fits perfectly its porpoise.\nI highly recommend it.",
    "Excellent fit",
    "LOVE IT!",
    "great!",
    "Fit my daughter well",
    "PERFECT FIT. GREAT COSTUME MATERIAL FOR THE PRICE!",
    "Great deal for the money. I like things shorter so I put a black belt under the fringe and it looked great. I am 5'4 and weigh 135. It fit very flatteringly",
    "Beautifully made! Does not look cheap at all.",
    "Nice costume but quite small.",
    "So great looking.",
    "very cute dress! arrived really quick!!!",
    "This is the dress I wore for our 1920 dress up on my cruise love it love it love it.",
    "More than pleased....fit perfectly and pretty true to size!",
    "Absolutely fantastic. I got an XL just to be careful and it's fits great. Not too snug not too loose. Pretty heavy material for a costume too. Highly recommend",
    "Very cute. Not too sexy for office Halloween parties. Love the red color",
    "For a costume it is great quality! I bought the 8-10 medium and for me it fits well.  It is snug on the hips. If you are more of a size 10 you probably want to go a size up.",
    "super cute!",
    "Order a XL were a size 14 it looked great on me the fit was perfect. I was comfortable the whole night..",
    "It was better than what I thought.",
    "It is great!",
    "Lovley dress, a little too big though it will work. I'm 5'1 and 132 pounds ( I got the small) and its comes to just above my knees and the top of the dress shows a little more breast than planned. Still it's wonderful, good quality and definitely worth the money :-)",
    "Nice",
    "Really cute dress. Sexy but not slutty. Made for a super cute flapper costume. Would buy again.",
    "I took everyone's advice and ordered a size up and I'm happy with how it fits.  Can't wait for Halloween!",
    "I normally wear a size 4 and I ordered a medium and it fits perfect. It runs small in the hips you can tell and if I would have orders a small I think it would have been too tight. So just order a size bigger than you normally wear and you should be good. Good quality for the price as well.",
    "Fit as promised, and looks great! Love the headband. I'm a dress size 2 and it is a little long on me but fits great.",
    "Great fit my daughter is a size 4 looks awesome well made",
    "Fits exactly as expected, not too small and not too big, just like baby bears oat meal it was just right :)",
    "Nice product, my mother loved it. Had to return because she liked another costume a little more.",
    "I loved this. It fit perfectly!",
    "I love this dress!! I ordered it for a \"flapper\" dance number and it is perfect! Based on previous reviews, I ordered the XL (I normally wear a size 8 or 10). The dress is a tiny bit large in the top, but hangs and moves beautifully. I will probably buy this dress again in other colors - especially red!",
    "This is a fab 20s dress. Heavier in weight and fit as expected!",
    "This dress was perfect for the 20's party I went to last weekend! Before ordering I read all the reviews and decided to get a medium because people kept saying to order \"up\", and it was definitely WAY too big on me. Luckily, I had one more day to order the small and it came just in time. :) I'm 5' 5\" and 126 lbs. Hope this helps!",
    "I bought this dress for a 1920's theme murder mystery dinner but I'll wear it again for Halloween. It looks and feels great! It's one of the most affordable flapper dresses I could find on amazon too. I was really nervous about how it would fit due to the reviews but I went ahead and ordered my REGULAR SIZE which is a small and it FIT PERFECT.  I'm 5' 5.5\" weigh 120lbs.",
    "Far superior product than I expected!  Fit was perfect and being a seamstress myself, the quality of material and craftmanship was surprisingly good for the price!  I'll be back for more shopping",
    "Very nice, not much stretch though.. It fit as expected so stretch wasn't a concern just nice to have a little give just in case",
    "Better than expected! My daughter wants this as her Halloween costume and I went ahead and bought it when we saw it because things sell out. It is much nicer quality than I expected and she is very happy with it. It looks adorable!",
    "Beautiful costume and very well made. I was unexpectedly very pleased and my teenage daughter had numerous compliments.",
    "It's perfect for the occasion. And fits perfectly.",
    "its a little to short but its because i have big hips.. but i really liked it",
    "I know some reviewers had some sizing issues.\nI'm 5'3, 120lbs, 34b with a not flat booty. I bought a small and it fit perfectly! Alllllmost a little tight on the bum but was perfect.",
    "Just what I was looking for!",
    "Fits perfect, looks perfect",
    "I'm usually a size 4, but in dresses a 6/8 usually fits me better. I got the 6/8 and found it was a tad too big, but it still looked and felt great!",
    "Great buy!!!",
    "I went by what other reviewers said and ordered a size larger than I thought I needed and it was perfect.  The quality was better than what was offered at our local shops but still what you would expect for a Halloween costume.  The price was also more reasonable than our local shops so we took a chance ordering close to Halloween and it arrived in time.  Very happy!",
    "Dress fit true to size.  It was short, but not too bad.",
    "Perfect for a costume. Lots of tassels.",
    "The dress was really pretty and of great quality. I purchased for my mother, who is 54 and a size 10.  I got her a size L and it fit well around the hips but was very large on top. It wasn't a big deal, we just pinned a couple of inches with safety pins and was not noticeable. She would have been OK in a Medium but I mainly purchased a Large so it wouldn't be really short on her.",
    "Really cute on and fits exactly as described. Even came with the headband that I was not expecting.",
    "I bought an 8-10 medium I think for my 14 yo daughter. I was afraid that the small would b too small. I was right the medium fits great! The material is top notch! This costume is gorgeous and does not look cheap in any way! I love it!",
    "This was perfect for my 20's themed party I attended.  I'm usually a size small, 108ish lbs & 5'5' & the small size fit almost perfectly.  Super cute & would definitely recommend.",
    "Came in perfect time and was comfortable and adorable",
    "Nice dress",
    "This is a classic flapper dress.  The x-large fit great for size 14.  I received many compliments.",
    "I read the reviews, im a small size and i ordered a Medium, and it fit perfect on me!",
    "Loved the flapper dress and won 1st place in costume :-)",
    "I'm about 5'1 and 116 lbs. I read some reviews and decided to order a medium instead of a small and that was the right choice. Besides the straps being a little too long so the dress hung too low on me (I'm a curvy girl!) it was fantastic. I wore it to a costumed event and everyone thought I looked great! Even random guests came over to take pictures with me! I would absolutely buy from them again.",
    "It still worked out great! It was even Warm!",
    "Fit kinda of small had to lose a couple of pounds before the  event because of it but it was very cute.  Received a lot of compliments, also VERY WELL made, not cheap at all. was comfortable once I lost a couple of pounds because it has a stretchy character to it.  Recommend.",
    "Fringe goes all the way around.  It'perfect!",
    "Great looking dress. It was a hit at the Great Gatsby event I went to.",
    "the flapper costume is good,,it fits a bit large but looks good anyways",
    "Based on other reviews, I bought one size up, and it fit perfectly! The costume held together pretty well considering the price (only a few fringe pieces have fallen off), and I will be able to reuse. I got tons of compliments at the costume party I wore this to, and the headband rocks! Would definitely purchase again.",
    "Dress was very nice for the money. Actually it didn't even look like a costume it looked like the real thing.  Well worth the money.  I wear a size 10 but ordered a small and it fit.  Had a lot of compliments on it at our Roaring 20s Dance.  Will come back if I ever need another costume.",
    "Beautiful dress. Well made. Was surprised that it fit as well as it did.",
    "I bought it for my mother in law and she loved it!",
    "I usually wear a small (I am 5'3 and 118 lbs) but read the other reviews. So glad I listened and bought the medium. It is snug in the hip area.",
    "All I can say is perrrrrfect!",
    "on time very happy......well packed and exactly like picture",
    "I love it and it fit perfectly",
    "For the price, it's awesome. I don't know why everybody thinks it runs small. I got a size xl because I read the reviews about the sizing being small. Yeah- it doesn't stretch, but it seems like it was made to be loose. Mine fits like a tent. I usually wear a medium in everything, and I don't think this is any different. Going to return it for a med.",
    "Following the advise of other reviewers I ordered one size larger than the measurements called for and it fits great!  There is no flexibility through the hip, but for the price the construction is great.",
    "very beautiful costume; I wear size 8-10 and ordered size L; It lso comes with headband; Has some black sequins on neckline; flowy and pretty",
    "The shipping was extremely fast and the dress fit better than I expected.",
    "This dress looked fabulous and it fit just perfect.",
    "Great costume!",
    "The dress was perfect for our Roaring 20s Christmas party. I can't wait to wear it again next year for Halloween!",
    "Such a cute dress fit perfectly :)",
    "My daughter needed this for a costume party.  It was perfect! great price!",
    "Nice",
    "Lov it",
    "Very happy with the purchase.  Fit true to size.  I wear medium size 10 clothes.  My hip and chest are same measurments. I could have gone with a medium or large but decided on large because I wanted a looser fit instread of a snug fit.  Tried  on the dress and it was very nice..Just loose enough to feel comfortable.  As long as your hips  are not disproportionately out of place compared to your chest...the dress will fit true to the size you normally wear.  If you are in between sizes like I am..i suggest going with the larger size because flapper dresses are supposed to hang loose not hug your curves.",
    "I needed a 1920s costume for a fancy dress ball and was thrilled with this dress. It fits true to size and looks really good for being \"just a costume\". I wore it as my Halloween costume in addition to the fancy dress ball because it was such a good dress for the fancy dress ball.\n\nThe headband I can take or leave. It doesn't seem to want to cooperate with my hair. But I wasn't buying it for the headband. I was buying it for the dress. The headband is an unexpected bonus.",
    "For the price, you can't beat this costume. I ordered an XL bc I wanted to be as comfy as possible. Regular Large usually fits me perfectly with wiggle room to spare. This XL dress fit and I was able to dance fine, but it was still a lot tighter than I was hoping.\nAlso, it was a little bit see through. I wore it at night and I was fine, but if you're going to be someplace well-lit, I recommend wearing a short slip.",
    "I got this for a Halloween party but the dress fits so well that I am thinking I can probably use it in the next party. Good quality and nice looking, as shown on the picture",
    "The dress was so well made and it fit perfect... I was impressed that it had better fabric then the one sold at PartyCity and for half the price..",
    "Was so comfortable and looked great!  Fit may be just slightly larger than expected which worked great for me.  I need a little more room in the hips and was worried this would be tight.  The small was perfect!  I have 37\" hips.",
    "The dress looks gorgeous on.  Once you figure out your size the dress is marvelous! Runs a bit small.",
    "I had seen a review that the dress ran a little small, so I ordered one size larger, and it was perfect!  LOVE IT!!",
    "It was great!",
    "love it",
    "I am 5'7\" and 140 lbs. I usually wear between a small and medium in things. I ordered the large and it fit perfectly. It came fast and I absolutely loved it for the Halloween party I attended.",
    "This dress fit perfect and I got a lot of compliments at the Halloween party I was at. Very happy with this purchase.",
    "The reviews stated to order a size up but that ended up being too large for me. The quality of the costume was good though, the cost was great and the free overnight shipping was amazing!  It was a great deal.",
    "I really enjoyed this fun dress. I was very glad I read the other reviews, as it does run small. I am a size 6 and would usually have ordered a medium but the large fit perfectly. I had plenty of room to move and dance and it just touched at my hips. A great buy and fast delivery!",
    "very nice fringe all the way around",
    "Perfect fit!",
    "I did read the reviews and ordered a larger size and it fit fine.  I was worried that it was going to be too short, but again, with the larger size the hem fell about an inch above the knee.  There is not much stretch to it because of rows of fringes. I loved the movement of all the fringes! It was an excellent bargain.",
    "This is awesome for the price and it was delivered really fast. I am usually a large (on the smaller side of large though), so I ordered an X-Large based on the other reviews. Fits perfect in the hips and a little big under the arms. That doesn't bother me though.",
    "Really very nice. Especially for a costume!  Great all around I'm happy",
    "This costume was cute but if I wouldnt have read the other reviews It would have never fit.",
    "This dress fit really well on me and worth buying.  I would recommend this to anyone.  I normally wear Medium size but this dress runs a little small so I went with the large size and it worked out well.",
    "Fits great and arrived quickly!",
    "Fit well, great quality for the money. Very satisfied!",
    "very good",
    "I love this costume! I ordered it on Monday and it was delivered on Friday with regular shipping. I was surprised by how good the quality of the dress was...As other reviews have stated, it does run a little small through the hip area...not uncomfortable, just a little snug. I'm 5'3 and 150...I ordered the large and I'm happy with the length as it hits me about an inch or so up from my knee. Couldn't be happier!",
    "I would recommend it. I plan to wear it for Halloween. It is also well made, better than expected.",
    "It was perfect!",
    "My daughter loves her costume!  Thanks, it's great quality too!!",
    "Great costume! I needed for a soire at school and it was amazing. Size chart worked perfect and I was ordering it for one of my models. Quality was excellent you couldn't tell this was a costume... You could use as a real dress as well.",
    "good quailty",
    "the halloween costume I was looking for!",
    "I LOVE my costume, it is exactly what I wanted; sexy yet elegant and not 'slutty' looking but fun and out of the ordinary for a perfect Halloween celebration.  I follow the other reviewers and bought a size larger than I normally wear (I am 5'2 and 160 lb) because the reviews stated that it run small and kind of thigh on the hips area, and my size X-Large fits fine, maybe a tad loose on the hips, but then again I am not big on the hips/butt area.  It also might be a bit long for some people (it hits right above my knee, nothing like the model on the picture, but I am 5'2) , but I think that for me it is what I should wear. It could be easily shortened if need and I am still debating if I should just do that. I really like my new costume.",
    "While it seems only \"slutty and bloody\" options are available for any young ladies, this is a perfect alternative, with a little bit of sass, a lot more class, and a whole lot of fun. The dress is awesome, although you may have to wear a black tank underneath, or perhaps shorten it a smidge in the shoulders, in case it fits a tad too low. I expected the headpiece to only be okay, which it was, so I ordered a separate, Gatsby inspired, head piece on amazon . I also ordered strings of pearls on amazon, T-strap shoes, a black and white feather boa, and a cigarette holder. I purchased fish net stockings locally, which I thought might be too much, but it was just the right touch of a detail detail to make the costume \"complete.\" Overall, this is a great foundation piece for a flapper costume. I told my daughter it's one to save for costume parties in years to come.",
    "I was worried the costume would be either too small or too big. I was pleasantly surprised when it fit perfectly and was well made! It looked really good and I know I will get more use out of it over the years. Really enjoyed wearing it!",
    "Loved it!!!! It was a huge hit at a Harlem Nights party. Will definitely purchase from this buyer again.",
    "Great quality for the price.",
    "Before I read other reviews I wanted to buy S size and M is just perfect! I am more than satifsied with the product!",
    "Love it, fits perfect and reasonable price.",
    "Surprisingly cute and well made for a cheap costume. Quite flattering.",
    "After reading previous reviews before ordering, the comments were right on with size.  I normally wear a size 6(medium), I brought the large(8-10) and it was a perfect fit.  It fits like a glove and very sexy!  A great dress for so many occasions.",
    "I love this costume with good quality! And the dress came with a nice hairband. As for the size, My size is between S and M, but i ordered M and it's just perfect right! Thanks Amazon!",
    "I love the dress. I may even wear it at a regular party.",
    "This dress saw its fair share of action and held up really well! I wore it for hours at prom and it was both comfortable and well-fitting. The only problem was that it shed some strings every now and then, but other than that it was a fabulous deal! If you're looking for a flapper, I recommend this one.",
    "Beautiful costume purchased for Halloween dance ordered extra large could have ordered a size smaller it should be ok.",
    "I love the dress! It arrived quickly! As described before there is little stretch in the hips so order accordingly. I am 5'8\" 125 and the medium was perfect.",
    "I absolutely loved the dress, got so many wonderful compliments. Will definitely order from this company again.",
    "We got the costume for a talent show and were very late in ordering it.  We did not have special shipping, but ordered Friday evening and it was here on Monday. What a cute costume. You saved the day for us and we thank you.",
    "I am very pleased! It was everything I wanted in a flapper dress. Thanks",
    "I ABSOLUTELY LOVE LOVE LOVE",
    "FIT NICE",
    "I'm a size 4 or 6 depending on cut/style of the dress and bought the size Small and fits me perfectly.",
    "The package came together as expected. Dress,  gloves, fishnet stocking & the boa!",
    "Good quality costume, which I wore to a 20's murder mystery party. As others have noted, some of the fringe will fall off and the fabric underneath isn't particularly nice or opaque. But I think it's great for the price! The size small fit me with a little room to spare (I'm usually a size 2).",
    "Fits true to size! Lucky I got a large because the Med would of been too small.! And I ordered on short notice and was kinda scare but it all worked out.",
    "I was a little skeptical on the sizes after reading other reviews so I ordered the extra large and it fit perfectly! I had a Great Gatsby birthday party and I knew that the dress was perfect the moment I put it on. It was beautiful and the layers of fringe guarantee a roaring good time! Perfect costume, perfect fit! It made the night all the more better. The only thing I would caution is the sizing. The costume does run small around the hips so make sure to order a larger size to ensure a proper fit.",
    "wow! just received my dress.  it was everything I hoped it would be.  I wear size 8-10  but got x-large because of the reviews, it fits prefect and  I am kinda top heavy(40 c). fridges in front and back, I am 5 feet one it was  not too short or long, I don't have wide hip, and it still look nice, not a costume look  but a real dress look , not cheap looking. got it for a Halloween cruise.  don't forget order a size larger and be prepared too smile!",
    "Loved this costume! The fringe goes all the way around. It's not just in the front. Good quality for the price!",
    "I bought this dress after - thankfully - reading the reviews.  I saw that several people said that the dresses run very small.  So, even though I typically wear a size 8, (I'm 5'0\" and weigh 129 pounds) I went ahead and ordered a large.\nSo glad I did! The dress fit like a glove!  Since I'm short, I ended up taking in the top of the shoulder straps just a tad because it hung too low for me, but the dress was beautiful. Great quality! I got lots of compliments as well!  It came with the headband and necklace and looked super cute!  The fringe goes all the way around the dress. Not just in the front. That's one of the main reasons I chose this one.  You'll love it!",
    "Ordered a large after reading previous reviews, fit perfectly on super athletic 5' 10' body. Looked great lots of fun for a school project party.",
    "This is perfect, fits perfectly. The sizing chart is accurate.\nThe tassels are great and the dress does actually come with a headband with feather too.\nAlso arrived on the day that amazon stated :)",
    "The dress is perfect. Not to long or SHORT. I ordered this for a party that I am planning on attending and it is going to be perfect for the 20's theme. The sizing chart was a little off, so at first I ordered this dress a size smaller than I actually needed, but they sent me a replacement withing just a few days. Great company and great product!",
    "This is perfect for our flapper corporate event, it looks great on and is not too short.\nI definitely recommend buying the long gloves to complete the look!",
    "this is a great item for the price.  many said it ran small so i ordered up, but i found the sizing to be true to size so i ended up with a dress that was a bit too big for me so i now have to order my actual size.  arrived quickly.",
    "This costume is both sexy and adorable, especially for the price. Wore to a Gatsby party and felt like a million bucks. Very flattering and fringe is forgiving. I paired it with a long Egyptian inspired necklace that gave it a classier look than a long strand of costume pearls would have. The included headband is cute too! I'm a size 6, 5'5\" and 130lbs. and I got a large after reading other reviews. It fit exactly as I had hoped!",
    "This one definitely runs small.  I'm a size 10/12 in pants, but usually an 8 in dresses.  I bought the XL size thinking I'd have to take it in, but it fit pretty much perfectly.  I'd recommend ordering up at least one size.  Besides the sizing difference, I would definitely recommend this.  It's a great investment for the price.",
    "The picture is pretty accurate for the look of the costume. Unlike many other flapper costumes, the sheath is a stretch fabric, so it hugs the figure instead of looking like a fringed pillowcase. The feather headband that comes with it felt cheap, so I tossed it, but overall the costume is a great value.",
    "Great dress for the price.  I opened the package and was surprised as to the quality of the dress.  Wore it to a roaring 20's party and will wear it again!",
    "The quality of the costume is better than expected, my height is 1.56m and i bought large because of the reviews, the fit was perfect, just a bit too long.\n\nRecommended!!",
    "I wanted a 1920's theme Bachelorette party and I searched for flapper dresses for a while and I decided on this one. I am so pleased with the dress! I was worried because a lot of the flapper dresses I looked at everyone said fit too small. I decided to go with one size up. I am usually a large and I am 5' 7\", I ordered the xl and it fit me perfectly. It was the perfect length, and it didn't restrict me at all. Some pieces of the fringe fell off here and there but that is to be expected. We went to all kinds of different places to dance and by the end of the night the dress still held up very well. I would HIGHLY recommend this dress and for the price it perfect.",
    "This flapper costume worked perfectly for the 20s party I attended.  I was worried about sizing so order 2 sizes.  I consistently wear a size 6 and got the medium and large. The medium fit but was pretty tight. The large fit perfectly and I was very comfortable.  The headband was a great addition!  I ordered some cheap costume pearls and my costume was complete!",
    "It was perfect for what I needed. I'm a size 6 in most clothing & ordered a large. It was not tight but fitted.  Glad I read the reviews and ordered a size up. A large is probably a perfect size 8.  Well made in the sense it was not shedding fringe like some other people's costumes. Good price. Fast shipping. It will last through a few wearings at least.  The headband is simple but gets the job done.",
    "good quality, and fit was what I expected. Order a size up. Will keep for future use. love the fringe",
    "I purchased this costume for a Great Gatsby Murder Mystery party.  It was made well, light weight with good stitching with stretch material.",
    "I'm quite slender and tall, and this costume was perfect for my build! I'm used to most things being too big on me, but this worked great. This product does run very small though. The small was listed as a 6-8, and I'm a size 0 and, again, it fit my hips perfectly.",
    "Outfit is really cute. It fit me perfect but a little big in the breast area. I am 5'5-6 & 115lbs.  It's a \"Costume\" so don't expect it to be the finest of quality but worked out great for a 20's Hollywood Glamour Party.  Lot's of women complained it ran small but I felt it fit like any other size small, although it did indicate the size small was a 6 & I would size it as a small 0-2.  Hope this is helpful :-)",
    "Ordered it yesterday at 3pm and now it's 12:30pm and it's here.\nIt fits perfectly...I got an XL but I'm usually a medium.\nI'm 5ft 6  and weigh 145 lbs.",
    "Loved this dress for our Prohibition party. Got a lot of compliments on how cute it was. It is of costume-quality so by the end of the night the red fringe were falling out, but I would highly recommend this for a costume party.",
    "Got this for my Dads 90th birthday \"roaring 20's party\" and it was a hit. Nicely made. great if you need a fun dress",
    "I love it! only problem is the fringe comes off pretty easily but if you are only going to wear it a few times its great!",
    "I usually wear size Large..I'm 5'9 150lb. I got XL and it fits perfect, super cute..I love it. The strings do come loose but I'm only wearing it once.  The price was right and delivery was quick",
    "I ordered this costume for a 20s murder mystery party coming up.  It is very cute, just as pictured.  I wanted to write this review because, as others have  mentioned, the costume is small.  I am 5'1\" 105 lbs and normally wear a 0-2, XSP.  I ordered the small and while it fits comfortably (not tight at all), it is not loose on me at all as a regular small normally would be.  Also, it is fairly short considering my height.  I thought this information might help those who are trying to determine what size to buy.  I am very pleased with this purchase.",
    "I bought this dress for a costume party over the holidays. I had read the reviews prior to buying it and it was mentioned many times that it ran a little small. I usually wear a size large or size 12. I ordered the extra large and it fit perfect. It was not too tight and very comfortable. I got lots of compliments on the dress. The fringe does seem to shed a bit but did not affect the look of the dress. Most of the other flapper dresses at the party had the same problem or the feathers were coming off. Easy to move around in and dance in as well. Arm holes were not too big or too tight which was great. Arrived earlier than the estimated ship date too so that was even better.",
    "I got this for a 1920's part that we had and it was a hit.  I got the dress and all the accessories and everyone loved my get up.  this was a great buy.",
    "The only suggestion is when you ordering be careful with sizes, choose two size bigger than what you are. However, Im so HAPPY with choice and with delivery process.",
    "Great fit, bit tight, recommend getting one size bigger that  normal, I did. Good quality fabric, looks very nice. !",
    "I originally ordered an L, but it was a bit too snug. I normally wear dress size 8/10, and the XL fit great. Great price for a fun flapper night out.",
    "Dress could easily be worn out on the town.  This dress is more than a costume.  The design is relevant today.",
    "Thank goodness I read the other reviews, it does run small.  I normally wear a Medium but ordered an XL.  It fits perfect & I love the  dress.",
    "I purchased this for a last minute costume (grey scale silent film star). Firstly, I read all the reviews and ordered the small assuming it would fit me b/c the majority of reviews state that it runs small or even extremely small. This is very relative. This is definitely not a junior's small, and arguably a women's small. It was too big on me and frankly, I felt really silly on Halloween but had no time to take it in since I received it that day and had my kid's costuming to contend with as well. Here's my size info in case it helps:\n\n5'5\"\n103 lbs\n32 B\n\nAs for the quality, it's pretty good for a bagged costume. You're definitely gonna lose a few strands of the fringe but the slink and drape are good and the under-construction is plenty sturdy for the weight of the fringe. It's not going in your washing machine, but it's a much better look, feel, and quality than the average costume in this price-range. I give it 5 stars, the misunderstanding on size was my fault, not the costume's.",
    "This is a beautiful dress! I was so happy and pleasantly surprised when I opened the package to see this kind of detail. I was amazed of the weight and designer quality. The details in this dress can't be captured by a camera. The tassels are perfectly placed, the satin material is a nice stock and the sequin details are a beautiful touch! Then I tried it on and wow it fit me as if it were tailored for me! It gave me hugged every curve that I didn't know I had and it made me feel so amazing and so sexy! I know my smile must have been from ear to ear at the party that night I got so many compliments, I really felt like a movie star! I will wear this dress to cocktail parties and out to dinner and can't wait to wear it again. I have designer dresses that cost 5 times what this did that don't have the style and quality this does. I'm ordering the red one now!",
    "I had to order a larger size than what I normally wear and it's still a bit tight. Really well made for the price and for a costume. I plan to wear it for costume parties for years and maybe even to cocktail parties. I got a lot of compliments on it. I went to a Roaring Twenties party and it was the nicest of all the flapper costumes like it.",
    "I bought this for Halloween and it arrived just in time!  I'm glad I read the reviews and went a size up (I'm a usually a medium, but got a large) and it fit perfect!  Some of the fringe came off, but the dress looked fine.  It was really fun and comfortable to dance in!  The headband is a plus and fit great too.",
    "Beautiful costume I received so many compliments. Fits true to Size and a great price. This is something I will definitely wear again another year.",
    "Glad I read the reviews about buying a size larger.  What a cute dress! Very satisfied! Received lots of compliments at a 20's Party. Shipping was fast, I received the dress 1 week after ordering.",
    "This costume is absolutely awesome !!!\nThe small size has the perfect fit for me (5'3 115lb)\nAdd a boa, opera gloves and nice heel shoes, you will look amazing !",
    "the quality is very good and I definatly recommend it. I was very happy with my purchase. Very well made I love it so much",
    "Very cute dress and does indeed run very small! I ordered a large and it is very flattering!! I usually wear a 4/6 in dresses. I'm glad I listened to the reviews!",
    "well put together costume, was suprised of its weight.. i love it! if you are big busted go up a size though",
    "I listened to other reviewers and ordered TWO SIZES UP.  So glad because its a perfect fit! Im a true size 8 dress and ordered the XL.  It really has no give and I have hips.  Its good costume quality, may need to wear a slip under as it seems a little sheer but thats fun to.... cant wait to wear",
    "I was looking for a flapper dress for halloween, all others were $35 and up !!!! got this in the mail like 2 days after i ordered it, looks fantastic !!!!!  the straps are a TINY bit big but fixable and a little tight around the hips/thighs (I have big thighs, pear/hourglass body shape so I got a medium) definitely get a size up. I TOTALLY love it.",
    "Cute dress... it does run small though! I am 5'7\" and 130lbs. Usually wear a Small in a dress and size 2-4 in pants. I ordered a Medium (due to warnings that it was small) and it fits pretty well. I have bigger hips, so its snug there, but otherwise it's great!",
    "The flapper dress was perfect and adorable. I purchased it for my 18yr old daughter who is about 5'2\" 112lbs. She told me to order a small, but I told her that the reviews say the dress runs small. She insisted the small; and she was right. The small worked out perfect and flattering. Not to revealing and very cute with accessories she bought. Thanks",
    "very pleased with product, would order again, even a very easy retun for a different size. came on time as promised",
    "I love this dress!  It's so much fun!  The quality is excellent .  It's a perfect fit.  As always Amazon carries the best merchandise !!",
    "I love it!  Super cute and does not look cheap!  The fit is really good.  I would definitely recommend this.",
    "Very nice! I am very happy with the quality and delivery time. I ordered size M and I weigh about 110 lbs . Perfect",
    "Very nice for the price. I recommend it to anyone looking to buy an outfit suitable for a costume party.",
    "Glad I listened to the other reviews and ordered a size up. I'm 5'8 and the dress hit just above my knee, which is perfect for me. Perfect for the price.",
    "I love the costume ! it was not sized properly. They were cut REALLY small. The sizing chart was not accurate",
    "Good quality item for a really great price! I thought it would be a little flimsy because it was inexpensive and since I'm only wearing it once it didn't matter, but It is made very well and the fabric seems very sturdy.",
    "I bought this dress for my daughter's fashion show at her elementary school. I did have to pin it up in the arms but it worked out perfectly! The price was perfect and the shipping was fast!!! Very happy with the purchase and the dress wasn't cheaply made like some I have seen. Great purchase!",
    "This is a great dress for the price. It does run small so order a size up. I am a size four and the medium was very snug just the way I wanted it to be. I paired it with long pearls and a black and pink boa.",
    "The dress is as advertised and looks very authentic. It is great for any themed dance or costume party. Would recommend product to anyone.",
    "I ordered this costume for my daughter, who was attending a 20's-themed wedding. I was pleasantly surprised at how well it was made and the weight of the material it was made with. It was well worth the reasonable price I paid!",
    "I ordered this costume for a Roaring 20's party and it really was perfect!  But be careful when ordering because the dress runs small.  I normally wear a size 4 and would have ordered a small, but after reading in the reviews that the dress runs small, I ended up ordering a medium.  Good thing I did!  The medium was very snug and I could barely get into it, but once I got it on it was comfortable and looked great!!!",
    "We had a 20's theme holiday party and this was perfect for the event.  Fit great and the fringe covered well.",
    "This costume was a life saver because of a) how sexy it was b) how budget conscious it was compared to all those nearly $100 costumed out there now a days c) the good quality. I was really excited to dress up this flapper dress with some fishnets, a boa, cigarette extension, and gloves. For the price it is a really nice costume that got a lot of attention because it looked nice and it's just an easy costume to buy accessories for with very little money. I really liked the touch that the little headpiece added. It is true that the dress fits tight around the legs, I have to admit I deffinitely did a shimmy dance getting into a small but in my case I wanted to go for a sexy flapper look and decided to go with the small not medium. So if you are not trying to do that and want it to fit comfortably i would recommend getting a size larger. I'm going to keep this costume for later use and to lend to friends!",
    "I got a lot of compliments on my Flapper dress on Halloween. I read the reviews, and ordered one size larger than my normal size. It doesnt come with a headband, or fishnet, ot girdle. I totally reccommend it, great price on Amazon.",
    "this dress makes you want to dance and shimmy! It is so much fun. As some other reviewers said, it is tight around the hips and butt, so keep that in mind when ordering. It is such a flattering dress you'll want to wear it for more than just Halloween!",
    "Dress was adorable and the quality was decent for the price. Fit was tight in the thigh area. I'm a size four and the small was snug. Worked fine though.",
    "This dress is perfect!\nI bought it as a quick solution for a Halloween costume. I read other peoples reviews and ordered a size up from what I was. So glad I did because it fits perfectly. If I had gone with a medium it wouldn't have been good for my hips. I'm a 8 and I ordered a L and it fits like a glove.\nDresses quality is great for a costume. A good purchase in my opinion, can't wait for Halloween to wear it!",
    "I wasn't expecting too much from all the reviews I looked at. However, I was surprised at the durability of this costume. It's perfect! I loved it! Every time I wear it I feel woman empowered. It was perfect for my cabaret :)",
    "I got this for my husband for Christmas - it arrived quickly and in perfect condition - but best of all he loves it! The color is a nice rich brown and the softness feels wonderful to his skin.",
    "Just what I was hoping for: \"plush\", and comfy. Easy to wash and quick to dry. Shipment was quick as well. Would purchase other items from vendor in future! Thank you.",
    "wonderful, quality product, very much worth the price.  It's kinda on the big side though, if you are petite.",
    "Very soft and plush.",
    "Very soft, warm and roomy.  Sleeves were too long however.  Love it",
    "Very soft and cuddly.. just like the prior reviews.",
    "Man, this thing is WARM! I like to keep the house cool in winter to avoid running up the heating bill and to reduce my carbon footprint. This thing is a HUGE help with that. It is thick and super warm. It is also bulky, so if you want to look slender around the house this is not going to help you with that. It runs large and the fabric is very thick. But it is seriously warm. The house can be 57 degrees and I'm comfortable in this, with leg warmers, a poly fleece nightgown, and warm slippers. Just love this robe. And it launders like a champ, too.",
    "This is the SOFTEST plush robe!! I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. I read the reviews before purchasing and noticed that many people commented on the unisex sizing, so I ordered a Medium even though my husband usually wears a large in shirts/sweaters. The Medium is perfect for him. For reference, he is 5'7\" and has pretty broad shoulders and chest, and the robe wraps around him with room to spare. It reaches about mid-calf. This robe will be on my wishlist next year!!",
    "This robe was exactly what my wife was needing.  It is very plush, keeping her warm down to her ankles.  I am very pleased with the product.  If it holds up over time it will be money well spent.  My wife fell in love immediately upon putting it on.",
    "Got one as a gift for my wife.  She loved it so much that I had to get one for myself.  Wow, so warm and soft yet not heavy at all.  Use the manufacturer's guide for size selection.",
    "Got this for my 98 year old mom who is always cold.  Warned by other reviewers that it runs very, very large, I ordered the XS which ended up fitting perfectly (she usually wears a S or M).  Her skin is very sensitive and she won't wear anything the slightest bit rough or scratchy.  The fleece is very soft and she has lived in the robe since it arrived. It is quite warm and she loves the pockets for her tissues.",
    "Warm and soft. Very comfortable.",
    "Knowing the sizing is unisex is key - I read other reviews, and got the info in time to change the size!  I love it! Soft, warm, well-made of quality fleece.  Not even very linty (I wash everything before wearing the first time.)  I would definitely recommend.  I almost wish it was winter already so I could wear it more... :)",
    "I absolutely love this robe, it is very soft and warm without the heaviness of a cotton spa robe.",
    "LOVE this robe!",
    "I bought the extra small for my wife, who is 4'11\" and the length is good.  This is a very thick and soft robe. She's happy, so I'm happy.",
    "So soft and warm!  It's like a wearable blanket.",
    "Oh sooo comfortable. Bought one for my wife on mothers day but decided I needed too. Now we are all matchy. If you could take sex and put it in robe form this is it.",
    "Got this for my mother and she loves it",
    "I got this for a family member, and she said it's the best bathrobe that she's ever owned. She reported that the fit is as expected, and it's soft and cozy - perfect for wearing all day for a lazy day around the house. She also said that it's very warm and retains body heat well.",
    "Definitely a pricy robe... but it is SO worth it. This robe is super soft and cozy. It kept me so warm all winter,  I would highly recommend it!",
    "I am a big ole boy. Was worried it would be too small...But plenty of room.",
    "Really nice robe. I live it. Only problem is ...It is too warm sometimes and I'm cold all the time. Arrived on time and great quality",
    "Soft and warm",
    "LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this robe!  It is warm and quite comfortable!  I am tall and length hits me at mid-calf. Great value!!  Looking forward to wearing it for the rest of the winter.",
    "Incredibly soft and warm!",
    "My wife loves the robes fit and softness!",
    "Perfect bathrobe- Nice and warm for cold winters. A little bulky but I love it.",
    "I love it!!!",
    "Very nice",
    "It was a gift and the recipient loves it.",
    "This robe is everything I hoped it would be!  Just got it, and I love it!!  It's soft and warm and cuddly, and yet it's not heavy feeling to me.  I don't think this is a robe to wear when you get out of the shower.  This is a snuggly, watch TV, sit-by-the-fire kind of robe.\n\nI ordered the Large in the Almond color.  I'm 5'6\", with short legs, and about 130 lbs. with average measurements for that height/weight.  I like plenty of wrap-around in a robe, so the size large is perfect for me, but some people would think it's too big.  A medium actually would probably fit me \"normally\" without so much wrap-around.\n\nWhen I have it cinched around my waist, the length is about 2 inches above my ankles.  The sleeve length is great for me, but I guess some people would think they are a little long, since I got the Large.  They go over the top part of my hand, and I have normal-length arms.  They could be rolled up, too, if you wanted.\n\nI really like the almond color.  It's like a stuffed teddy bear.\nCan't wait to wear it when it's cold when I'm visiting the mountains!",
    "This robe is exactly what I wanted.  It is lightweight and warm.  Love the color, I ordered cranberry.",
    "I just love this robe.  Never felt that way before but it's so comfy.  I read alot of the reviews and understood that it ran a bit bigger in size so I wasn't surprised by it, I kinda like my robe a little roomy.  The color was almond like the description said.  Very glad I purchased this robe.",
    "I bought this for my wife as a gift. She absolutely loves her robe, and has worn it everyday since. It is very warm and soft.",
    "love it",
    "Warm & cozy",
    "Warm and wonderful. This is my second one!  LOVE LOVE LOVE!",
    "This robe is very warm, soft and plushy.  I like it a lot.",
    "Looks Nice!",
    "I love it, but I have to return it for a larger size.  I went through the sizing chart, but it was too short in the arms.  It's so fabulously cozy though ~ I can't wait to get my next on in the correct size!",
    "Very heavy material. Do not purchase unless you would like it to help keep you warm. Very baggy fit, which I love.",
    "Great product very thick, excellent for winter and very warm, not good for summer robe",
    "This robe is the greatest for the colder months of the year. I bought it in January, and it is just exactly what I wanted. It fits well, is warm, soft, comes almost to my ankles...I am 5' 4\".  I absolutely LOVE it. I live in Texas, so it is not for the summertime, but I have always had two robes; one for the summer and one like this for the winter.",
    "My husband is 6' tall and around 165-170 lbs. He usually wears mediums for shirts and bottoms (32\" waist). The medium was huge on him so we opted for the small, which was still a good length (at or slightly below the knees) and baggy enough to be a comfortable robe. Very soft and not much static!",
    "This robe is is exactly what I expected. It couldn't be more plush! Light weight yet warm & cozy.  The fit is perfect!  Very pleased in Kansas!",
    "Soft, plush, roomy and warm.",
    "Absolutely perfect, exactly what I wanted.  And yes, the reviews are true....it is exceptionally, wonderfully warm!  Great length as well, just above the ankle and I am 5'7\".",
    "First of all, I was able to get this robe for less money than on the Plush Necessities site.  I would normally wear a medium but purchased a large to assure it would be snuggly and comfy.  Well, this robe runs LARGE and when wrapped around me feels like a blanket.  I am keeping it because it will serve my purpose for wrapping up and reading, watching TV or lounging.  It is very very warm, the fabric is thick and plush.  It is not the soft fluffy fleece or microfiber you will find in the malls.  If you get warm very easily or live in warm climates, this will be too heavy.  If you want to feel like you are snuggling in a cloud and staying toasty warm, then this is perfect.  The light blue is a very light soft color and will definitely show stains easier than the darker colors.",
    "This robe is soft, warm, a bit on the large size and altogether very cuddly.  People looking for a truly full-length robe will find it here-none of this three or four  inches above the ankle business.  I have washed the robe and am pleased that it did not shrink or  become pilled .  The  color (which though called charcoal, to my eye has an underlying hint of blue) did not fade.  The armholes are generous, the sleeves long enough to turn up should I want to  do some chores.  The lapels are nice and wide and the inner tie actually is long enough to tie and of the  same material as the robe, so no cold satin against the skin.  I recommend this robe  for anyone who wants comfort and ease when they  put on a  bathrobe.  Amazing!",
    "Arms could have been a bit longer, other than that excellent robe!  Very Warm!!",
    "This may be the best thing I have ever bought for myself.  Soft, warm and comfortable for this northern girl. No, it doesn't make you look like a super model and has no shape whatsoever. You can wear all the silk gowns, and flowing summery robes all you want but when it comes down to it, this is the robe you will reach for when it's freezing  outside and chilly in the house. Hey, you can always wear the pretty pj's under the robe and still be roasty toasty. Seriously, buy this robe for yourself, and one for everyone you know for the holidays. Love it!",
    "This robe is still going strong 6.5 years after the purchase.  Very nice material.",
    "So supper soft",
    "Love it!",
    "my husband bought my first robe 8 years ago after I had a stroke and it is still soft and comfortable.  washes beautifully.  we moved to snow country and  i was ready for a change and would not purchase one here; so he saw same and ordered me a lush brown one.  Love it.  eveen more comfortable ans snugly.  he likes it too so  said order your own!  so spoiled can't think of another brand robe!8",
    "This is the robe I've been looking for.  I had ordered a verrrry thick (and equally long) terry robe a few weeks earlier and just found the extreme weight of it to be offputting every time I reached for it.  I thought - I do need the warmest robe (and full ankle length) I can find, but does it really have to be SO heavy?  Then I went searching and found THIS robe - got it today and it envelopes my body wonderfully just like the terry robe, but it's LIGHT.  Thick, plush and light.  I am every bit as warm, but far more comfortable, and it has a really good quality fluffy texture -- doesn't look cheap or tacky as some micro fiber or synthetic robes I've seen which have more of the look of fake fur or a skimpy uneven pile or a \"trailer trash\" look; grungy, old and lived in from day one.  No, this robe looks luxurious and evokes a spa, and somehow as thick as it is, it even manages not to make you look enormous, that part was a surprise.\n\nThe only thing I would wish if for another 2-3 inches in length.  I am 5'9\", 140 pounds, and ordered the large. I really couldn't go with X or XX Large just for more length - the bottom of the robe comes to 7 inches from the ground (or 3 inches from my ankles) - pretty much like the photo of the man - it doesn't come as far down as the one the woman is wearing (clearly she's shorter).  I get that robe makers can't please everyone and I'm somewhat tall for a woman so they can't make robes long enough for me that would drag the floor for other women. But I wish it was longer anyway.  I do feel the draft on the few inches of my exposed ankles.  And no I don't want to bend my aching back in the morning to struggle with pulling on socks in the morning before I have my coffee.  The whole point of a robe and slippers is you just stumble groggily and slip easily into them and done - an all-in-one solution.  Oh well, otherwise this robe is as good as it gets - I combed the entire internet comparing them all.",
    "I received this robe for Christmas, loved it and ordered one for my husband. Fits well and washes well.",
    "OMG!!!!!  Never want to get dressed again.  The softest, cuddliest,  most snuggly robe ever created.",
    "It feels sooooooo good.  I love wearing it and hate for the time to come to get dressed.  It is the most cozy comfy robe I have ever had.",
    "After many failed attempts with other robes, this was the perfect choice.  It fits well and it is super comfortable.  It is fleecy and warm without being too hot like one of the bamboo fabrics I tried.  I love it!",
    "I reviewed another robe as being too big, but this robe is perfect. This the full 58\" long, so it reaches the tops of ny feet when I stand 5'6\" tall. I'm washing it for the first time right now but I expect good things. The robe is deliciously soft and cuddly warm. I love everything about this robe. I wish there was a pale green color.",
    "My daughter loves it!",
    "very warm, light, & cozy--very well made",
    "This robe is exactly what I needed.  It's light weight but so very comfortable.  I keep my house a little cool but occasionally need to warm up without turning up the heat, well I couldn't ask for a better wrap. I ordered a XXL which gives me more than enough room. The stitching is phenomenal and the quality is excellent.  I'd recommend this product to everyone even though it is a little pricey.  Thanks for a great robe.",
    "Fit as expected.  First one lasted 8 yrs!",
    "This robe is soft, long and WARM even for winter in MAINE.  This is definitely a comfort purchase, rather than a fashion statement!  I love it.",
    "I love this robe!  Its lightweight but so very warm!  Perfect even in -10 weather on the porch to retrieve the paper!",
    "Very generously sized.  I bought the small at 5'-5\" and 150# and there's plenty of room!!  In retrospect I would have ordered the XS but I don't mind the extra wrap-around room.  The robe is very soft, very warm, and has a lovely large collar.",
    "The material is beautiful. It fits perfectly and looks great",
    "When I got this robe as a birthday present my first thought was, \"Well, this is ugly.\"  My husband reassured me that it had terrific reviews and was super warm.  He was right!  (Don't tell him I said so)  I am the one that is either constantly turning up the thermostat or dragging a personal heater around the house or am wrapped up in a blanket.  Well, no more.  This is a wonderful, comfortable, and WARM robe.",
    "My wife loved it, and it's made well.it did not fall after it was cleaned.",
    "wonderful",
    "This robe is a blast.  Bought it as a gift for the wife, but when she's at work, this stay at home dad pampers himself in luxury with this robe.  Neither the wife nor I are petite folks, and this robe swims on her, envelopes her completely.  It fits me like one would expect a robe to.  The thick plush is ultra warm, and amazingly soft, but be warned, when laundering, be generous with the fabric softener or it will lose a little of that super snuggly muppet vagina feel.  It is truly awesome to cuddle into this robe on a cold winter's day, especially if pairing that with an at home foot bath or some aromatherapy candles.",
    "Comfortable, long (I am 5'9) and it covers my ankles, and it's very warm. I love it!  The lint goes away after first wash",
    "fit as expected and gave the comfort desired - was a replacement for and older robe that had seen its lifetime of ware",
    "Wish I had ordered this sooner. Comfy and WARM.Love it. Going to buy a couple more at Christmas for friends. Highly recommend.\nLove the color too. Chocolate.",
    "Bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it.  She was concerned about the fit after reading some reviews, but she says it fits great.  She got the medium (her normal size) and though she could have gotten the small, the medium allows her plenty of room to wrap up without being too bulky.\nWe keep our house at about 67 degrees F in the winter and she says it keeps her toasty warm.\nGreat product.  Very satisfied with purchase.",
    "I got this for my wife for Christmas because she's almost always cold.  She had asked for a \"warm, cozy robe\", and this delivered!  Normally she would be a size small, but after reading the reviews and seeing that they seem to run big, I ordered an extra-small.  Even it was slightly big, but fit well enough.  My wife says that this thing is very cozy, and sometimes even a little too warm, but she loves it.  The length is good for her (5' 3\") and weight is perfect.  She's very happy with the robe.",
    "This robe is so lightweight,so very soft inside and outside,and such a pretty blue that it feels like \"wearing clouds\". Awesome find!",
    "My husband and I both have this robe and we both love it. It's like getting a big hug! Warm and toasty.",
    "fast shipping! very soft material, warm as excepted.  looks and feels great. my wife's new fav robe by far now!",
    "Nice and warm, great color, and fits as it should. Hope it washes and maintains it's fluff. Pleased with the purchase so far.",
    "bought this for my wife based on reviews. Like the reviews said it runs big. but I ordered with that info and it fits great and is just what she wanted.",
    "THE ROBE it fits great  I love the feel and it looks great ,i am glad I bought it. its a good buy!!!",
    "A perfect fit.  I bought this robe for my daughter and she loves it.  I was upset because one inside tie was missing, but she cut the other one off as she did not want to return it.  Se would not take it off.",
    "This is my new winter robe! It is very thick and very warm so it is great for NewEngland weather!",
    "I am very pleased with the robe's warmth, soft touch and weight and fit, but I would love to be given the option of a tall size for robes.  I do understand the difficulty this represents to companies, but maybe there could be an un-hemmed version that we could take to the tailors.  If un-hemmed robes were available, we would have the ability to make it the garment full length and keep our ankles warm.  Cold feet are one of the main problems for many people, and a full length robe is a much more elegant look than one that is cropped at the ankles.  Of course, if it came un-hemmed, one could also crop it at the ankles if that is the desired length.\n\nI expect this robe will wash and dry like a dream, too, although I haven't tested it yet since it is a gift.  The only other suggestion I would make is that I would love to have options of having an option of maybe a few very feminine robes with gorgeous A lines with flattering colors (like this cranberry color) suitable for new mothers and Valentine's Day and Mother's Day and Christmas, etc., to remind women of their feminine beauty without sacrificing cozy!...with matching slippers!!!",
    "She wears it all the time in the winter. She tends to feel cold, and it keeps her extremely warm.",
    "I bought this for my daughter last Christmas and she absolutely loves it. She said it is the best robe she has ever had. So soft and comfortable she loves cuddling in it and drinking her cup of hot tea.\n\n It fits her great, I am so happy I bought this for her thinking of getting one my self.\n\n It keeps her warm on cold winter nights.",
    "The product is excellent. Good design, color, quality and style. He covered my expectations resulting a good investment. I recommend this product. -",
    "Girlfriend loves it, wears it every day. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a present for their significant other. I personally went for Valentine's Day.",
    "It's very soft and cozy. Many people said it runs large so I bought the XS. My wife is 5'3\" and it goes down to just above her ankles (which she likes).",
    "This robe is just what I wanted. It is thick and soft and oh so cozy. The length is good, for me between ankle and calf. I'm pretty short. There is a lot of material through the middle. It is definitely not form-fitting or terribly sexy, but I think it's awesome. Since I got it, I seem to be in it whenever I'm home.",
    "it's nice and warm. I love how soft the fabric feels. I never thought buying a new robe would be so hard.",
    "Made a great Christmas gift for my wife. She loves it and says it is very soft and very warm. Looks good on her too!",
    "Can't believe something so lightweight can be so warm!  It's plenty long, soft, and cozy.  There is minimal lint, even on the first washing.  It's comparable to many high end robes that cost a lot more.",
    "Bought this for my husband, because he wanted an ankle length robe.  It is nice and long...it comes to just above his ankles.  It's very warm, too.  If you email the seller, they will help you with sizing, which I found very helpful.",
    "What else can I say, it does what it is suposed to do. Now you demand seven more words.  7",
    "I ordered this robe for my 88 year old mother back east. I was told by my sister, that it is beautful and very soft and will be very warm on my mother. I am so happy to know this. She says it is really lovely and arrived as new.",
    "Was so pleasantly surprised by this robe.  Got it for my daughter-in-law and she was so pleased!  She wraps up in it every night because its so soft and warm.  Long so its a great cover after a time in the hot tub.  its so hard to find a good product in this size , so it is really appreciated.",
    "This is the softest and warmest robe I have ever purchased and is ideal for keeping warm in a cold weather climate like Minnesota.  If you live in a warm weather climate, it will be too warm.  So far the robe is not shedding at all, unlike other fleece robes I have purchased in the past.  For the warmth, it is also very lightweight.  I am 6' and 175 pounds with very long arms.  The size XL fits me just right.  I use it mainly for lounging early and late in the day.  The robe is a little pricy, but you will get your money's worth.",
    "I purchased this robe for my son-in-law who thought it was too luxurious!! It is a very nice robe and came very quickly. I had no problems with this order.",
    "I purchased the robes for my mother and sister as Christmas gifts.  They both loved the robes.  They are plush, warm, cozy and soft.  Perfect to put on and take the edge off the cold, freezing winter days and when just getting out of the shower.  This product comes with the highest recommendation of the gift giver and gift receivers!",
    "This is an excellent robe. It is soft. warm and very durable. I am really happy with it, it has lived up to all my expectations.",
    "I got this robe as a gift.  It's very comfy, especially on cold winter days.  Nice color too.  You can't always find dark colors and I'm not much for pastels.",
    "I selected this robe for my daughter and when it arrived I fell in love with it.  Now I hope someone will send me one!  It is just as advertised...plush, soft, lightweight yet warm.  Any woman would love it.",
    "I am always amazed at how many Married with Children fans are out there. I have owned this for a few years and has held up very well, and one of my favorite shirts along with the NO'MAAM shirt.\n\nBuy this shirt if you are a Married with Children fan.",
    "These are quality shirts that will help relive your golden years when going to Polk High meant something.",
    "Best best belt I have ever had, last longer than other belt I have ever used.  Highly recommend this item.",
    "Same as I had when I was in the military.  The belt (44\") is perfect for my 36\" waist and can be cut at the buckle side to shorten.\n\nIf you are looking for a stronger BDU belt, you may want to consider the Spec-Ops Better BDU Belt in 1.75\"&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Spec-Ops-Brand-Better-BDU-Belt/dp/B004WF4WSK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Spec-Ops Brand Better BDU Belt</a>&nbsp;or 1.5\"&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Spec-Ops-Brand-Better-BDU-Belt-1-5-Inch/dp/B004WF5194/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Spec-Ops Brand Better BDU Belt 1.5-Inch</a>",
    "Just like being in the army again.  I always liked the simplisity of the belt, lasts along time and adjusts to the size of the day, everyday.",
    "I needed an extra belt for my work pants. This is a great belt to own. These are the only belts I buy now. I like how adjustable they are. I can't stand any other belt. They are nice and flexible. I love it.",
    "Good belt for golfing",
    "Just what I wanted.",
    "Excellent belt that won't slip once it is fastened.  There is enough length to fit any waist and easily cut to your size.  Not fancy, but built to take it and last!",
    "Just what I needed for work belt just like my uniform belt.",
    "Just like the ones I used to wear back in the US Army!  Perfect.",
    "Nice",
    "very well made, holds up well",
    "I like this belt . I wear it a lot. It was a good buy. I had these kind of belts when I was in the service.",
    "While it seems like it might be just a little lighter that the one I wore for several years in the army, it is still very substantial and should last for years.",
    "It's exactly what I expected for this style of belt. Buckle grabs webbing just fine. Webbing is a bit rough to the touch but that will smooth out with use.",
    "Works great, very durable and very well made......def will buy again if needed! Works well with holding holster for gun",
    "Great quality. I've had it over a year now and it's still going strong. No pulls in the material, no bending or flaws in the buckle assembly. I will definitely buy this product again.",
    "fit holds and is very strong .I am a large active guy the belt works well for me and I am not easy on products",
    "Got my first one in the service (83).  Have been using them ever since.  Always keep a couple available.  Never know when you (or your son or daughter) may need one",
    "true military belt good quality very pleased with the belt very strong and looks to be strong and will not wear fast",
    "I ordered a bunch of these and they are exactly what I wanted and cheaper than the ones at the PX. This is the true military one and is rated for the same test strength. I am able to use mine to hang from (I weigh usually around 175-185 pounds) and it supports me with ease and no frayed webbing. I have also used 3 of these hooked together as an emergency tow line (it was a bad day don't ask lol) and it held up with minimal frayed edges from the strain. Very good work on these!!",
    "I've always liked the army style belts and this is just like the one I was issued 40 years ago. Good  solid design.",
    "Love the web belt. Great when you just need a belt working out side around the house. Nice looking belt. 44 inche and can be cut to fit by removing the buckle.",
    "Worked great for me in the Army, works great for me now. Strong, sturdy and holds up through all kinds of weather and abuse.",
    "Arrived early.  Immediately adjusted to length.  Great for jeans and other casual trousers.  certainly glad I found this after wearing out my GI issue!",
    "Briefly, I had a childhood accident 30+ years ago that caused arthritis in my foot.  Not bad, but a constant, nagging pain sensation that I learned to just live with.  Finally, I saw a podiatrist who referred me to a pedorthist to be fitted with footwear that could alleviate my pain.  I wound up with a pair of Birkenstock sandals and I've never turned back.\n\nThey're great.  No more foot pain, period.  I wear dress socks and the sandals to work everyday (in an office environment -- I got flack for that from co-workers, but the needling didn't bother me and management never took me to task, either), to church, everywhere.  I've a different pair of Birkies for the beach and lawn work -- not as comfortable as the suede uppers on these Arizona's.  The mocha suede straps have held up wonderfully despite getting wet and lightly soiled from time to time.\n\nAdmittedly, it's a lot of money to spend, but the shoe store my pedorthist works in re-soles the Birkies for about $30, and will replace the cork and sole both for about $50.  The re-soled sandals last about a year, but remember, I wear them daily and I often walk a few miles each day.\n\nIn short, these sandals have dramatically improved the quality of my life and foot arthritis is no longer any concern for me.  Not bad for a little more than $100.",
    "I bought these along with the toddler pirate costume for my son. The clip on earring is not heavy for a 2 year old, and the eye patch was comfortable enough for my son to keep it on for a while. Very happy with the purchase.",
    "very pleased!!!!",
    "I absolutely love this product !!!",
    "so far I'm happy, just have to see how it hold up to wearing this weekend ;)",
    "Great for the price. Looks as pictured. I'm 6'2\" and 230 lbs and the xl size fit perfect.",
    "This is a pretty good product that is certain to last for one party/Halloween and probably for a couple more. Product as described, well packaged, well made, and delivered as promised.",
    "great added feature",
    "great accessory to my kid's pirate costumes for Halloween",
    "Exactly what you would expect from buying a pirate eyepatch and earring. I was pleasantly suprised to see that the eyepatch was cloth, though.",
    "Great for the price.",
    "Exactly what we needed for a costume party.",
    "Pwerfect!",
    "Perfect for pirate costume",
    "Worked great for Halloween. The earring stayed on the whole night and the patch fit great.",
    "i didn't wear the patch except for a couple of pics, but for $2, get it!",
    "First of all: don't expect an item that will last 2 years of all-day use. This is for a pirate costume that you'll wear maybe once a year.\n\nThe patch is comfortable and it will do it's work. The earring is cool too and it will stay on all night if you put it right. I used it for a halloween costume and both things worked fine and hold for the entire afternoon (7pm to 5am, that's 10 hours). They look like they can hold more, so I'm packing it to use it next time again.",
    "Arrived on time very happy with product!",
    "For the price it's better then I was hoping for! I bought 2 one for each of my kids for Halloween. They fit my 7 and 4 year old perfectly so im not sure if it would be as comfotable for an adult. my kids and I are very happy with them",
    "Just what we anticipated getting.",
    "My daughter loved being a pirate!",
    "My niece and nephew loved playing dress up with this and I also ordered the rest of the pirate costume.",
    "Exactly as expected good value and perfect pirate accessory... It even worked well with my glasses! see picture attached.",
    "Item is just as advertised.  We haven't used it yet, as it is going along on our Disney Cruise for our Pirates in the Caribbean party.",
    "The kids love the patch and earring. The earring uses a magnet to hold the ear. I wondered when I bought it and didn't see the answer.",
    "Very soft and did not hurt my sons face.  This one is so much nicer than most you see in stores.",
    "The eye patch and earring were exactly as I expected and worked fine.  I probably wouldn't use an eye patch again--it really messed up my depth perception and gave me a headache (this is not the eye patch's fault).",
    "Perfect and fast shipping",
    "Lovely accessory for my 9 year old ! Fits perfect. and matches her outfit just right !  Thank you !",
    "This hat was incredibly great! I don't write reviews very often and this hat deserved one! I puchase items off the stars and reviews of others so I thought is was important to share too. We looked for a long time for a decent hat for my daughter's pirate costume and the quality,look,fit,and durability could not have been better. If your up close you can tell it's not real leather,but from a little distance you don't even notice that....great job guys!",
    "As advertised.- good quality - delivered on time",
    "A perfect accessory to the costume.",
    "Awesome",
    "Exactly as described.",
    "Worked perfectly for our purposes",
    "Perfect accessory for the Cutthroat Pirate costume",
    "Both fit well and will compliment the costume for the Disney Pirate Cruise Ship party.",
    "What can you say, price was right and it's going to get destroyed when i use it.",
    "It's just too funny!  I am going to use this in an Old Tyme Photo scenario for my brother-in-law when we dress up at Pirates!",
    "Took my family on a Disney Cruise a few months ago.  Disney Cruises have a pirate night where the guests are encouraged to dress like pirates on the deck.  These fit my wife and I perfectly but were slightly big for my three year old, but he could still where it.  A lot of fun for a costume accessory",
    "Fits well and seems it will hold up for the party use I need. earing is OK. I'm sure I will remove shortly after arriving to the party. I never find anything that clips to my ear comfortable and this is no exception. Others may find it comfortable for longer wear.",
    "Excellent accesories for my husbands naughty pirate costume.  We had such fun with it.  Thanks a bunch!  Dunno what else to say.",
    "This was perfect and added a more pirate feel to my costume. Just what a pirate needs. Great buy. I recommend.",
    "Perfect addition to my 2.5-year-old's pirate costume.  Wouldn't have looked nearly as good without them and she loved them.  Durable enough for what I wanted.",
    "this pirate eye patch and earring set is the perfect little addition to our pirate costumes for halloween. they held up great and worked perfectly! fast shipping as well!",
    "These items were purchased to complete my costume for Halloween and they did the job.  I should have known that the eye patch and my glasses wouldn't go real well, but after I took off my glasses, it looked much better.  Al in all they helped me look good.",
    "Decent Quality.  I have to do 18 more words for a pirate patch and earring?  I can confirm that it did not make me want to rape or pillage and as far as I can tell, these are not magic.",
    "A great product for the pirate in us all.  Got it for costume and is still going strong with the kids.  It was delivered very quick and all around excellent service they even sent an extra set just in case,  impressive for such an inexpensive item.",
    "I'm not a runner and I don't jog however, I do bike and use various exercise equipment.  For my purpose this is great.  My iPod is protected, love the light weight of the case, the armband has a very wide and long velcro closure and adjusts well to lower and upper arm areas.  The color of case does make the viewing screen area the same color of case but while I'm excersing I'm not looking at my display every 5 minutes, this is meant to be a convenience tool.  Excellent price too.",
    "this case is perfect u get a free armband and it comes with a beltclip thats cool the black one looks awesome it protects everthing it comes with a screen protector and it protects the whole ipod body this is also a good case cuz it don't take alot of space in ur pocket its a pretty awesome case i use it when i run  and sometimes when im  playing basket ball with my friends if u love ur ipod and u don't want it to get all scratched this is a good case for that",
    "I recently received the item and I love it. It is whisper quiet, works in both directions, and is automatic. I have seen other winders at 5x this price that don't do the same. Any of the winder would be a waste of money unless they sell a single winder",
    "Could not have gotten a better deal. It has been working for the last 2 months. Very quite, I leave it in the bedroom. Can't beat the price.\n\nRecommended for those automatic watch lovers, you can buy 4 of these for the price of an others model.",
    "This was shipped immediately and arrived in good shape.  It works as advertised.  I have used it for about a month with no issues.",
    "I'm very happy with this watch winder, its very quite. I've only had it for about a month now, no problems to report. I also like the multiple time and direction choices. Well worth the money if you don't mind a plastic winder.",
    "I had searched the internet for days looking for an affordable watch winder. This little unit fit the bill perfectly.  I have had it for almost a month now and it is exactly what the manufacturer said it was.  I am a fan of BIG heavy watches and this little unit has kept my automatics perfectly wound and ready to wear.",
    "This winder is very nice and worth every penny. Solid construction (plastic) and even has a magnetic door. The multitude of settings on this unit are only seen on super expensive winders. This winder can handle your Swiss and Japanese movements without issue. It has 2 motors instead of one (like most dual winders)although a single control.",
    "owned a different brand that was noisy and only worked for about a month......this winder i can not hear it run and have had it a couple of months....it is still running like clock work......would recommend to anyone that doesnt want to pay an arm and leg for one......",
    "After reading some of the negative reviews, I was really hoping that these potentially lethal (and euphemistically named) \"boot shapers\" would turn out to be at least as dangerous as described. I relished having one (or two, or all six) of these spring-loaded fashion bombs explode in my face, taking out an eye and allowing me to finally wear an eyepatch like my hero,&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Snake-Plissken/dp/B003O7I6L6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Snake Plissken</a>, without ridicule. I dreamed of making small talk with a beautiful ER nurse as she picked white plastic shrapnel from my face. I got a Chris Matthews-sized tingle up my leg as I anticipated the angry red welts that the metal bands would give me as they smacked my tender flesh.\n\nAlas, even after inserting and removing these shapers numerous times in three separate pairs of engineer boots, I have been unable to get them to do anything but effectively and elegantly hold my boots' uppers in an upright position.\n\nFor my next pair of boots, I'm going to buy a pair of steel-jawed coyote traps. Or better yet, a family of live cobras.",
    "Very needed product for not only maintaining shape of boots, but easy storage in closets, rather than piled on top of each other!",
    "This is just what I was looking for. They work great. I was surprised to find they also hang. I love them and will order more!!!",
    "Got these for my daughters selection of boots that were falling all over the place and collapsing at the ankles. Ignore the pink color - they're great and allow for easy vertical storage",
    "I purchased some awesome boots made with a really soft Italian leather that I didn't want to crease by just letting them flop in my closet.  I researched all the options for inexpensive, yet effective boot trees and chose Boot Shapers. PERFECT!!!  Easy to use if you compress them in the right spot and they hold my boots in perfect shape.",
    "This is a great invention!  Contrary to the other comment these are easy to operate if you have a little common sense... the spring-like action is in the center of the shaft of the boot shaper; therefore you should squeeze the whole thing together at that point while putting it in the boot... duh.\nYou just pop them in and your boots stand right up like they were on a mannequin... a great idea if you ask me.  They come with a hanger attached to the top loop of each boot shaper that stays hanging down but if you wanted to hang your boots up in your closet the hanger would come in very handy for that.\nYou really cannot beat the price either.  I hate it is not PRIME shipping available as I am a prime member but I have done business with shoebuy for years under Amazon and outside of Amazon and they are great.  Very fast and friendly.\nYou really cannot go wrong with these.  I would be nice if they offered more colors.  Hot pink is not really my style but who's going to see these things, right?\nI am going to buy another set of 3 pair.",
    "So great I had to order more. I got all my boots organized and well shaped, they look brand new. The three-pair pack is a great deal.",
    "Nice for my boots arrived on time and sturdy",
    "Keeps boots upright and easy to clean shoe while shaper is in. I have bought many pairs and they have all lasted 10 years plus.",
    "The product works just as expected.\nNot only keeps the boots' legs straight, but its capability of adjusting separately front and rear parts, which allows the front part to insert in the boots' shoes also keeps them from folding at ankle height.\nLight weight, yet solid... great product!",
    "I am so in love wth my boot shapers! It's a better price to buy in bulk from amazon then to go to like bed bath and beyond. They are holding the shapes of my boots amazingly and I will repurchase more if I buy more boots!",
    "I didn't realize they have a little hook to hang them as well...bonus! Plus they are super easy to use. Just squeeze and insert in the boot. Also just having them pink makes me happy:)",
    "These things are seriously life savers. They are insanely durable and I don't really see how the metal part is dangerous at all.",
    "I invested in a couple of Frye boots and wanted to make sure that I did whatever was necessary to justify the expense.  So I purchased the weatherproof \"wax\" and leather \"honey\" to help with leather maintenance.  But, guess I should have realized that, after wearing them for a while, they stretch a bit and crease.  I have to say that these don't look like much, but they get the job done.  Now the boots don't sag and I can store them standing in the closet. Definitely worth the money spent.",
    "Just what I expected and more.  Quality will hold up for years and I look forward to buying more if I need to.",
    "I have six sets  of these bought a year ago, and 3 I just received right now.  The old ones are the menace described in many other reviews.  The metal bands that were supposed to stay clipped into each of the plastic sides (which provides the pressure to make them actually shape the boots) did not stay clipped - they spring out on 3 of the 6 OLD pairs.  But, the new ones have a much better system - the metal bands have a very solid latch onto the plastic sides.  Very, very pleased with the new design.",
    "I have really enjoyed my boot shapers. The ones that I got were pink. The shaper part is a hard plastic material. Only thing is be careful inserting the shapers since it has a metal piece and I have read that sometimes it can snap back at you. Mine have not done that yet.",
    "These boot shapers work great and are not difficult to use - just slip them into your boots and the boots stand by themselves. They can be hung from a closet bar but even when the boots are standing on the floor the boot shapers hold the boots upright keeping them clean and shapely.",
    "Okay I just got these and slipped them right into my boots and they are keeping the shape.  I don't think this was hard at all to figure out.  I love them, plus they are a great value! I'm definitely going to buy another pack of three. They even come with a little hanger if you have hanging space in a huge closet (I don't have that luxury right now).  Great product, great value, easy breezy!",
    "I was searching for boot shapers just so my closet wasn't piled high with boots that always flopped over, taking up more space than what I was ok with giving up.\nThese are so simple, and so effective they are a no brainer. I bought several packages .. and now all of my boots are standing tall and in a tidy row. Best of all the price is right!",
    "I received these yesterday and immediately put them in my boots.  They work perfectly.  A little trouble getting them in because you have to squeeze to put them in.  But for the boots with zippers, I unzipped them, put the trees all the way down and then held the boot together and zipped - PERFECT.  Now my leather boots won't get creased!!",
    "This product is light weight, easy to insert into the boot, keeps the boot in shape, and has a hook to allow you to hang your boots off the floor if desired. No down side to this product.",
    "These boot shapers are easy to use.  They are just what I wanted to keep my boots in nice shape.",
    "Recently, I purchased one pair of Boot Shapers at a big bed and bath store and loved them; but at $10 a pop, I knew this could get pricey buying 10+ pairs (and I didn't want to buy them one at a time with the 20% off store coupon).  I had been using rolled up newspapers, after awhile they get broken down and need to be replaced. I really love these.  They are simple to use and look great in white. Not only do they keep all heights of boots (from booties to thigh highs) up straight, the way they are made, allows for air to circulate all the way down to the toe area.  Without these, the boots fold over and there is no way for air to get down inside and freshen them up, definitely beats my primitive newspaper option.  Also, there is the cleaver alternative to hang them with the attached hook. Love this company, my package was received before the seller's earliest anticipated delivery date. These Boot Shapers are awesome, you'll regret it later if you don't buy more than the one pack of three.",
    "I am ordering more of these today, and was suprised to see negative reviews. So- I felt compelled to give them some positive feedback! I have never been pinched or attacked or had any other bad experience with these shapers.  On the contrary- I LOVE them.\n\nI simply squeeze them when I put them into my boots, and then pull the hanger to get them out.  They have been very simple for me to use.\n\nThanks",
    "Boot shapers are easy to use and keep my boots upright!  This helps to keep the closet neat, but also protects leather boots from creasing when they flop over!",
    "I bought some really nice tall boots over the winter and wanted to keep them that way.  For the price these are really a good buy.  They are very sturdy and work great at keeping the boot upright.",
    "My sister asked for these for a stocking stuffer for Christmas... so I bought them for everyone including myself.  The only comment I have is.... why didn't I get these sooner?  My closet looks great and it makes conditioning tall boots (including riding boots) MUCH easier!",
    "I read the reviews on this and don't have ANY of the problems noted.  They are simple to put into a boot and then hold them up perfectly.  If you try to fuss with them too much I guess they could cause problems....but I haven't had an issues myself.",
    "I had been looking for this item for several years.  Bought two sets, and they work great.  Highly recommend for anyone with tall boots.",
    "I purchased 6 pairs for the wife who has too many boots, shoes, clothes, etc...  They are made of plastic and the inner tension rod is made of metal.  The rod has enough resistance that the boot is sturdily held upright perfectly.  To place inside the boot you simply squeeze the shapers while pushing them down into the boot.  They may be a little difficult to insert at first but with a little practice it becomes easier.  A hook is also included which allows the boots to be hung from a closet rod; very nice indeed.  The wife loves them so I can't complain.",
    "This is a very nice looking shirt for the price.  It arrived quickly.  And even though the sizes are not exact - depending on your neck size they will select S,M,L,XL along with the correct sleeve length - it still was a decent fit.",
    "As the title says, I needed a tuxedo shirt the week before my friend's wedding.  It was a formal wedding and I was unable to go shopping due to time commitments for work and work functions.  I ordered this shirt and accidentally asked for standard shipping.  Well this shirt was shipped same day and it arrived 2 days later.  The shirt was great for the price and the service was even better.",
    "I like the way the shirt fit. Being that I am a taller Guy my shirt fit as if were tailored just for me. Thanks for such a great product. It getting harder and harder to find what you are actually looking for nowadays. I will shop here again..",
    "The pleats are crisp, the shirt is comfortable, and it looked fantastic under my tuxedo jacket. It comes with plastic studs to look good in the package. Remove them to use your own, or use the buttons like a regular shirt. The cuffs require cufflinks. The collar button is on a short elastic so it has a small amount of stretch to it.\n\nI just returned from a 15 day cruise and there were 3 formal nights. On the first night, the shirt fit fine. Half way through the cruise on the second formal night, the shirt collar was feeling tight. On the 14th night, and final formal night, I left the collar button undone and used my bowtie to keep the collar closed. Did you know that shirts didn't originally have collar buttons and ties were used to hold the shirt closed on the top? I paid homage to history to compensate for the shrinking collar (which might have had something to do with all the extra eating I did).",
    "Fix perfectly",
    "Perfect fit",
    "Very nice shirt....I am not a fan of bow ties being a taller dude....but it will fit your purposes.",
    "great shirt at great price. Fits just right and is very comfy",
    "as expected fit",
    "Fits perfectly, great price and quick delivery",
    "Right price, fast service, follow up email with exchange instructions. Excellent.",
    "Great shirt at a great price.  Liked the studs that are included, too.",
    "very good quality",
    "FINALLY A  NECK SIZE THAT FITS.",
    "i ordered one size smaller than normal and it fit great",
    "Great value and quality. Black buttons are included.",
    "Excellent quality, great fit, nice value",
    "comfortable and looks good",
    "Nice price, typical budget Tux shirt",
    "Needed in 5 days. Arrived in two. Was exact sleeve length. Fit perfect.",
    "Was really suitable for the dance costume.",
    "This shirt is a bargain! Comfortable fabric, excellent sleeve length and neck size.\nSure you could spend more but why??",
    "For the price, this is an amazing shirt. I bought one for my son that was too big, but fit my husband. Bought another for my son. They both looked great.",
    "Was good quality and got perfectly. We ordered a 16 collar in 32/33 sleeve. Was excellent",
    "One of the least expensive nice which tux shirts for my son's band concert.  Very pleased.",
    "Looks great on.",
    "It would be hard to be more pleased.  The quality is much better than the two, similarly priced shirts that the new shirts replaced. I would definitely buy more of these if the need arises.",
    "Good quality and looked great.",
    "Had to get a few sizes to figure out what we needed, but it ended up being true to size.  Had to replace my husband's tuxedo shirt and  didn't want to spend a fortune.  Very good shirt for the price.  Not sure how it will wash, but still better than paying 75.00 for a shirt he only wears once a year.",
    "Really like the black formal buttons and the pleats on the front of the shirt give a fashionable and formal look. The fabric is easy care. I compared to other much more expensive shirts - I anticipate not wearing it often, but it is excellent quality and fit.",
    "A really nice fit and comfortable too.",
    "I would buy this shirt again...and I might!!!",
    "Good product priced right and fast delivery. Thank you",
    "better than expected",
    "Shirt fits my husband perfectly.  It's often difficult to fit him as he works out and has a big neck, large arms and a very big  chest.  I have already washed the shirt, as directed, and it needs no ironing.  Thanks.",
    "Great shirt!",
    "Neil Allyn Mens Tuxedo Shirt Poly/Cotton Laydown...work for event...",
    "Ok as purchased",
    "Excellent shirt fits great",
    "Shirt is a full cut! I was worried about buying a shirt online and fitting to tight. I normally wear a 17-1/2, but I ordered a size 18 to be on the safe side incase the shirt was cut small, but I could have used a 17-1/2. But shirt quality was excellent for the price!",
    "great shirt",
    "Very nice shirt, fits as expected. Made a nice appearance.",
    "Excellent.",
    "well made, feels good stays sharp",
    "Received it on schedule as promised, fits as expected, ironed up nicely and looked really sharp on.  I especially like the black buttons.",
    "Just wore it for the first time. Very good quality and appearance. The price was great.",
    "19.5\" neck was just perfect . The shirt looks to be and feels nice. I had my Taylor take in the other parts do to neck.",
    "great shirt",
    "On time and as ordered. Thanks. My 1980''s themed prom went great.",
    "These fit perfectly.  Very well made.",
    "We were particularly looking for a larger shirt for my father. I picked this shirt based on the reviews that advised it runs larger.\nGreat for fuller men, great quality.",
    "Great shirt.  A replacement for my old one.",
    "Love it",
    "good shirt",
    "The neck was a little larger than expected, bit shipped fast and was a nice match with my jacket. Great shirt!!",
    "perfect fit",
    "Quite decent tuxedo shirt.  Fits well, material is good.  It will work well for the purpose.",
    "Fits great.",
    "this shirt for the price was an excellent purchas.",
    "Awesome shirt, fits as expected.\nA little on the large side but maybe that's because I have a large neck and need a large shirt, all good.",
    "This was a great buy. Fits as expected and was top notch value. I had a good coat already and didn't want to spend much on a shirt since it's mostly covered up. This really hit the spot. Once the whole suit was together it looked supreme. Product Link: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000G01UDA/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_5",
    "Perfect for the wedding I attended. Good quality washed and ironed well.",
    "Very nice dress shirt!  Looks very classy and stylish when worn with a tuxedo.  I am very pleased with this purchase and highly recommend it to others.",
    "It was a great tuxedo shirt for a great price",
    "Nice item, was super happy with my purchase!",
    "Very good quality shirt for the price. Love the stretchable collar button mechanism. Definitely would recommend as great buy! Mine came with studs installed.",
    "I have never looked so good in my online dating profile!",
    "Great shirt, especially at this price point. The fabric is somewhat sheer but the shirt is well made. I really appreciate that the top button is sewn to elastic! Much more comfortable around the neck.",
    "About one-half inch too large, would like to return the second shirt for smaller size or refund.  Please advise. Thank you delivery was as promised!",
    "Very nice",
    "Fit perfect, looked great and arrived on time.  Loved the stretch top button.",
    "Elegant",
    "Great value ...fits and looks great",
    "Great price and fits perfectly",
    "Perfect for me. Maybe a bit roomy, but I never remove my tux jacket. I'm 5' 8\" and 188lbs. Recommended.",
    "As expected",
    "Ordered as 16.5 34-35. Received a Large 34-35 which fit perfectly. Neck button is expandable, but I didn't need it. I'm somewhat out of shape and a 42 waist but there is room across the chest, at the waist, and under the arms. The shirt comes with perfect looking black plastic studs-you can use them, or your own, or the buttons and buttonholes built into the shirt(invisible if you use studs). The cuffs are button only. The pleated front and collar are perfect, as in the picture. As some people reported, the body of the shirt that is invisible under the jacket is somewhat light/see-thru but the fabric is strong. I wore a white teeshirt under the shirt which allowed me to take off my jacket when things got late and informal and I looked perfectly acceptable. I wore this to a high-end event at the Arizona Biltmore which is as sophisticated as it gets and looked as good as anyone (I have a portrait photo made at the event). I recommend the shirt without reservations.",
    "Everything one can expect in a tuxedo shirt and arrived as promised. Who could ask for anything more?!",
    "My husband is a big man, and this tux fit perfectly!!",
    "Shirt is great!!",
    "Nice shirt and a perfect fit!  I've already purchased two since they fit so well.",
    "Great texture, fit quite well",
    "Very nice shirt. Fit well. Confusing because the picture shows a bow tie on the shirt but it doesn't come with the tie.",
    "The shirt fit good .Was ship on time I was very happy.",
    "Excellent buy. Good fit. Excellent quality. Shipped ontime. It is everything as was stated.",
    "Excellent fit",
    "Excellent quality",
    "We kept this shirt, since we bought another type as well. It looks great and wears well.",
    "Great shirt.",
    "Excellent Quality!",
    "nice to be able to get a shirt with choice of shorter sleeves.",
    "Brand new and fits great!",
    "Quite a nice shirt.",
    "Perfect fit on time arrival",
    "I'm amazed at how nice a shirt this is for so little money. Our local formal wear shop wanted over $100 for similar 60/40 blend tuxedo shirt. I especially like the buttons and button holes that allow use of studs and cufflinks when desired.",
    "Nice and soft, feels great and looks great. Great feature with top button, it stretches.",
    "perfect fit.",
    "inexpensive but great Tux addition.",
    "Fits great. Just what I wanted.",
    "Worked out great",
    "Fit as stated on the size for the shirt. Going on my second year of using it with my tux.",
    "Fit well. Delivered on time. Nice shirt.",
    "I was a little skeptical at first purchasing formal wear online without being able to try it on or touch it.  I can say that my skepticism went right out the window as soon as I received this shirt. High quality fabric, the fit is perfect, the neckline was my main concern, but it fits as though it was tailored just for me.  I have already told a few friends about it.  Really love this shirt and the price isn't bad either.",
    "My husband has to go to many black tie optional and black tie events for work throughout the year.  We finally sprung for a tux and I was looking for a formal shirt that was nice, yet not crazy expensive.  This one fit the bill.  I was not expecting much due to some of the reviews but the most recent reviews looked positive so I ordered. On Amazon, I always go by the most recent reviews because that carries more weight to me than one from 2009 or so.  My husband  is  5'8, 42 inch waist and wears a 20 neck 34/35 sleeve, so I chose the 20 34/35 on Amazon as the option.  When took it out of the package, this shirts tag just says \"4X' on the inside (but their sticker on the onside of the package said 20, 34/35). He tried it on and everything was perfect but the neck was a little large (before adding a tie). Just a little bigger than he liked, leaving a little gap.  However, sleeves, belly area, everything fit PERFECT besides the neck being a little too large.  So, I washed the shirt in hot water and put it in the dryer and the neck is now absolutely perfect. Fits him 100% now.  The shirt looks great and fits like a dream.  The quality is great for the price.  Also, I took the advice of another review and bought these&nbsp;<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Cufflinks-and-Studs-Set-for-Tuxedo-Formal-Black-with-Shiny-Silver-Trimming-by-Men-s-Collections/dp/B004NKD3J8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Cufflinks and Studs Set for Tuxedo - Formal Black with Shiny Silver Trimming by Men's Collections</a>&nbsp;button studs and cufflinks.  The button studs that come with the shirt are very cheap plastic and on the small side (as you'd expect for free) and you could get away with them for a one time event like a wedding or formal event, but if you will wear the shirt over and over I'd go for nicer studs. Also, I had no quality control issues.  All the stitching is just fine -- the shirt was not thin as one review said. We are very pleased. This was a FAR better buy then going to big and tall shops here all over town looking for a tux shirt that would #1 would fit and #2, still spending $75 or $100 on it locally.",
    "I wore this for a home event recently, and everyone said that I looked sharp in my tuxedo!",
    "This is a Great shirt with very Good quality. Great fit. It Arrived at the perfect time for a formal function.",
    "I needed a formal shirt with a down turned pointed collar.  Found this one on Amazon and ordered it.  It arrived promptly and fits just right.  Material is good quality and just what I wanted.",
    "Although the shirt is a poly cotton blend, it does not look like a cheap shirt and looks really great.",
    "Just perfect with the tux I bought and beautifully made and looks so elegant -- my hubby was GORGEOUS to the point of my tears.",
    "Shirt fits well and I'll probably buy at least one more.  It's also has very comfortable collar compared to my previous tux dress shirt of the same size.",
    "I wear this shirt on formal nights on a cruise ship.  The pleated front is classy.  The price was good and the fit was just fine.  I don't need to iron it, if I get it out of the washer quickly and dry it on the permanent press cycle it looks good enough thanks to the Poly/Cotton blend material.",
    "Bought a few non-Neil Allyn shirts before...MISTAKE! Stick with the best! As inexpensive - yeah, under $50 is inexpensive for a tux shirt - tux shirts go, Neil Allyn is the standard. I have the wing-tip and this arrow-collar version. Both fit the same. XXL 35...perfect for me. I'm pushing a 48/50 chest at this point, so... the XL is not quite there. 35 fits my just under 35 arms perfectly. There's good room - it's NOT a trim fit..it's comfortable. The shirt lays well and looks great. Button holes are slightly under-cut, so you may have to press to put studs in, but otherwise, it's made well and holds up to the workouts.",
    "There was nothing wrong with the shirt it 2 sizes too large due to my weight-loss. I reordered a 18.5. 34/35 it's a perfect fit.  Due to many singing engagements I use six to eight shirts a year. A first time ordering online and what shop in getting the shirt in four days. Superb styling with impeccable quality.",
    "The shirt was very good, met all expectaions, look good, fit good, felt good.  Have nothing but good things to say.  Thank Yout",
    "My husband and I really looked around for good Tuxedo shirts at a decent price.  When I saw this one on Amazon, I thought it was worth a try because the price was so good and it was easy to order my husbands size.  It is a very nice shirt.  My husband has trouble with his neck being large and this shirt came in his neck size and also it has a piece of elastic at the neck that will expand for comfort.  Very nice looking shirt.  Fits a bit larger than shirts that size he normally wears, but it does fine.  I would recommend this shirt to any of my friends.",
    "I paid very little for this shirt and was expecting a cheap low quality shirt but was surprised at what I got.  would recommend this over any top quality shirt.",
    "perfect for the occassion, and it traveled well.  Looked good and was just as described. He looked good in it and I may use it for a night shirt.",
    "I needed this shirt for work on a fine dining dinner boat. It was exactly what I needed, and has served me well for almost a year now. I find the material to be of good quality, but almost 1/2 the price of Men's Warehouse.",
    "This shirt washed nicely and fit well.  No problems with size of neck.  We needed a 16 1/2 neck and ordered a large shirt and it was perfect.",
    "This is a shirt my husband ordered.  It wears & washes well, and he's very pleased with it.  Good value for the money, as these shirts are very hard to get...",
    "This shirt looks very nice and fits well. It is an excellent buy. The same shirt is twice as much in a department store!",
    "My husband is very happy with the comfort and practicality of these pants.  I am happy that they wash well and they look good on him.",
    "After brand jumping for years, I've settled on Carhartt for everything I wear. My only regret is that I don't live in a colder climate to wear their winter outdoor gear. This stuff is SUPER well made, and will last a long time, even on a farm.",
    "Once you know your size, getting them via Amazon is great.  These pants are durable and fit great.",
    "I wear a size 38x34 in levis and the 38 carhartts fit me perfectly. These pants meet every single one of my expectations as a contractor that works on home repairs and maintenance all day long. I couldn't ask for anything more and the five pairs I own are all I ever wear to the job.",
    "Excactly what I ordered. If you know your carhartt size already then you get what you order",
    "Lightweight, durable, they fit well and are very comfortable. I can wear them all year. The side pocket fits a cell phone and the loops fit a paintbrush or hammer. If you are looking for the heavy-duty pants, get the 12 oz. duck with the double-knee. These are more the weight of jeans.",
    "Good work pants.  Pretty durable and comfortable. This is my third pair.  I wish Carhart would make a version of these pants with more durable knee patches, like out of ballistic nylon, thin removable knee foam pads would be great too.",
    "I wear these almost everyday of the year in Alaska. I do a moderate amount of outdoor labor. They'll last about a year. Wear them every other day, they'll last two years. Worth it.",
    "Comfortable and good looking.",
    "Fits great. Getting compliments at work!",
    "Jusr what we hoped for. color, fit, weight are perfect.",
    "as expected",
    "Washed well. Comfortable fit",
    "Very satisfied with product purchased.",
    "These are great pants for work or casual wear. I would order up one size if you are on the fence as to what to choose.",
    "Perfect in every way.  Quality - fit - shipping.",
    "Great pair of pants.",
    "The relaxed fit allows for extra room so order true to size or smaller as they don't shrink a whole lot.",
    "These pants fit perfectly. You choose your size and they come exactly the size you want them to be.",
    "Been wearing these jeans over a year now, so I can say they really last through countless wearings and washings. Comfortable, no loose threads, tough, and lots of pocket space. Will definitely buy again.",
    "Fit great, look great, feel great. I bought a couple other pairs and work with for my needs. Material is tough flr outdoor use but on pair got snagged on a corner and ripped a small whole quite easily but hasn't ripped further and still holding together quite well.",
    "Fits great, looks good. Handy pockets.",
    "Perfect pants! Will be buying more for sure.",
    "These are great general purpose pants that I don't have to worry about abusing that I wear at work. I have another pair just like it that I use for home improvement projects. Light weight, comfortable, and according to my wife, easy on her eyes...",
    "The pants are great. I work in them daily and they hold up really good.",
    "They're a little baggy but I'm going to wash them a couple of times then review again.",
    "Like the way they fit",
    "Great Jeans",
    "Nice. Go Carhartt",
    "Great pants!",
    "Great jeans. Very durable.",
    "quality as expected..",
    "This is my second pair and I will be getting more. These are very comfortable and fit great. I have bigger athletic legs and they fit just fine.",
    "Nice work pants, medium weight, waist I little tight when first on but loosen to a perfect fit, waist also a little higher which is nice, length slightly long but acceptable, comfortable fit throughout the legs and seat.  Bought two pair of different colors both fit exactly the same.  Heavy duty seams, pants appear to be holding up well in my world of construction. Best all-around work pants for me currently, will buy again.",
    "Been a carhartt person for many years.  Love them",
    "Quality trousers.",
    "gave as a gift.  Apparently fits well as we haven't heard!",
    "Great fit, Good quality",
    "Other than being too small",
    "Love the way they fit and look on my husband.",
    "These are my go-to pants for work. They present a nice product to wear in the office and also in the field for the construction industry. They are very comfortable and hold for decent for the amount of wear and tear I put them through. I continue to buy different color options.",
    "Hubby loves this brand because it comes in a 35 waist.",
    "Summer pants! Thin (but durable) material. I got these for hubby for winter work pants. Nope! I am saving them for spring/summer. Thermals would be uncomfortable underneath as well. They fit nice and he looks pretty sexy in em, too!",
    "Great fit!",
    "Husband who is a town worker loves them. They've been worn so much, you can't even see the original color in them, but not a single tare",
    "Product was dad described and was exactly what I was expecting.",
    "I have to wear khaki colored pants as part of my uniform for a construction company. As a big man, (61 & 275) Ive struggled to find pants that fit well. These have plenty of room the legs and thighs, seek to be pretty durable, and they come out of the dryer with no need to iron. These are now my go to work pants and I plan on ordering more next pay day.",
    "Very high quality and super comfortable to work in for hours. Durable and well designed pockets for the tradesman...",
    "Always the best.",
    "Should have ordered a size up! Was a little tight!",
    "Love these pants!  Bought two more pair. :)",
    "My husband really likes the fit of these pants and the fact that they are not as heavy as the regular ones.  I think they wear out a little faster,but not enough to complain about.",
    "Very nice fit.  Comfortable,  rugged, durable.  Love these pants.",
    "I have to wear these for work. Pretty durable, very comfy and the side pockets are sized just right. I usually get a year of use from a pair of these. Only complaint=very rare to find these on sale",
    "Had a pair of these that were at least 4 years old with holes and couldn't find a better brand so ordered these. Got the new pair today and fit perfect! Would definitely order again!! Thanks",
    "Comfortable, well made and looks to be tough and long wearing. Useful number of pockets. Nice color.",
    "The fit is just right ,and the cell phone pocket is a good size. I will oder more",
    "My husband LOVES these Carhartts.  They last and last and last.\nI usually buy him some of these pants, albeit in different colors, every year for his birthday and Christmas.",
    "Really like these for casual wear. Fit as expected and not too tight through the seat and the legs",
    "Great pants",
    "The fit is perfect.  Husband loves his new pants.  Will order more.",
    "Super comfortable work pants with a good amount of pockets.",
    "Great fit!",
    "Very durable and look great. I work in construction and they hold up and fit very nice. A little tight at waist because I ordered a size smaller than needed.",
    "Great quality and fast!",
    "As with most Carhartt men's clothing, you have to be careful on sizing and these pants are no different. If you normally wear a 32, you will have to go with a 33. 32 will be too small, and 34 too big! Other than that, Great pair of work pants.",
    "I bought these for work in an industrial setting. Nice loose fit let's me move easily. Grey color is good for hiding stains.",
    "Fits great. Got another pair for work.",
    "Excellent pants",
    "Durable and comfy work pants. Fit as expected.",
    "my husband won't wear anything else. They last a long long time before they are wore out.",
    "These are a little lighter weight than the original carhartt- so they are great for warmer weather but still the durable rugged material.",
    "I love these, but THEY DO SHRINK considerably lengthwise, so order them long:\n\nI had three pairs of these that fit perfectly when I first got them, but after several months I noticed my ankles were drafty.  I got out the measuring tape and my nominally 30\" inseams (which started out closer to 31\") now measured just 28\".  This happened to all 3 pairs after maybe 15 laundry cycles.  I wash and dry them in compliance with the laundry label, and they do just fine, but they apparently come out just a tiny bit shorter each time.  (I have not noticed any shrinking of the waistband; they only seem to shrink noticeably in length, thankfully...)\n\nThey're very comfortable pants, with sufficient room in the crotch and thighs to let you sit and crouch and move around without restriction, so I ordered three more pairs in the same exact colors---but this time with a 32\" inseam.  I measured the inseams when I received them, and found them all to be a little under 33 inches in reality.  I then washed them, and this time I intentionally dried them in a hot drier to speed up the shrinking process.  Sure enough they are all already a full 1\" shorter, at around 32\" now.\n\nI expect these 3 new pairs to continue to shrink over the next six months in the normal laundry cycle until they are about 3\" shorter than they started, which is 30\" and perfect on me.  (That's 3\" total shrinkage from the 32\" inseam, which when measured was actually 33\" to start with.)\n\nSo do buy these pants---you'll love them---but buy them 2\" longer than you usually wear.  Then just give them time (or a few hot dryer cycles), and they will shrink to your perfect length.",
    "Wonderful fit.",
    "Best pants around for a tall skinny guy. Ones of the few brands that has a variety of sizes for people over 64.",
    "Bought for my husband and is exactly what we expected!",
    "good material, durable feeling.",
    "Love these pants",
    "Great pants, just a bit long,",
    "I bought these for my father in law and he loves them bop",
    "Great product. Fits exactly. Rugged material.",
    "Love these pants. More $ than what I usually wear but I wanna buy a shi$ton of them. So comfortable and pockets are good size. Side pocket fits can of grizzly perfectly. Cheaper and better than the bro brand Duluth trading.",
    "Comfortable work pants",
    "Very nice men's work pants and so much cheaper to purchase here on Amazon then at the local Tacoma work wear Store but I highly recommend if you wear a size 40 then get 1 size bigger because even though it's a really nice pair of pants it runs small and unfortunately I'm having to send back mine and having a place a reorder of the correct size so it's unfortunate because it's a inconvenience but as we all know it's simple to letting Amazon know the status and issues and getting a refund and then having to Place another order for the exact same pants just a size bigger.",
    "I love these pants. Very sturdy and not too heavy for California weather.",
    "They are awesome. They fit great. Durable and light weight. I love them",
    "If you need loose pants then these are for you.",
    "Very comfortable, room in the legs to move, lighter",
    "The right fit for the job. Somewhat thinner than other duck pants but very good quality. Comfortable to walk around in.",
    "Great stuff...",
    "These pants fit as expected",
    "Fits great",
    "Very satisfied with the product!",
    "Fits as expected",
    "just right fit and great brand, always a good buy with carhartt",
    "They don't make my butt look big",
    "Baggy like the 90's jeans.  will buy again!",
    "Husband loves them and there holding up nicley?",
    "Its Carhartt, Quality work pants that lasts for years.",
    "Love these Carhartts. This is my favorite material. Not too stiff. And the pockets are great for your cell phone etc. I wear a pair to work everyday. I buy 3 pairs every year and toss them out when they're done. Perfect for hard working guys.",
    "Really nice pants. Fit just right.",
    "Great work pants, wear them every day while working in tough conditions. Couldnt ask for a better pant.",
    "I have the same pants in Tan too.",
    "We live in Las Vegas, my husband prefers these over all other work pants.  To keep him cooler in the desert heat.",
    "My husband liked these so much that he bought more! Great product!",
    "Perfect fit. My go to work pant.",
    "My husband loves them for work.",
    "Best Pants great price!!",
    "Great fit",
    "Love these pants, I'm a big guy, 6' 1\" 290lbs and these have lasted me a year so far and construction is not easy on clothing",
    "Bought for my son and he loves the comfort and fit of pants.",
    "Setting a goal to fit into.",
    "Nice fit",
    "My hubby likes this. He is very comfortable working in a construction doing the squatting, bending, and stuff. I didn't regret I bought this as a gift for him.",
    "I have seven pair now and they're a great fit and feel.",
    "I use for work and it is very comfortable.  I will continue to purchase the Carhartt brand for work attire.",
    "Everything as expected",
    "I bought these for my husband and he loves them for work...he is a welder.",
    "...and reasonably stylish.  Fit is pretty much like a normal pair of pants in the waist/hip/thigh.  By my estimation the \"loose fit\" part is the legs which are very roomy starting at the thigh through the bottom of the pant leg (this aspect of the pants doesn't seem obvious in the product pictures).  Anyway makes the legs kind of breezy/comfortable plus plenty of room for work boots but they also look fine with just regular shoes.",
    "I love the beige it is perfect the fit is perfect couldn't ask for a better pair of jeans then this.",
    "These work pants are not only super comfortable, but they are also durable, & light\nWeight. I'm a union Electrician, & they are my regular wear! ",
    "Great fit , very comfortable",
    "Great pair of summer work pants light but strong enough for the job.",
    "I love these trousers -- very comfortable fit.  I have already bought a second pair.",
    "Bought for light work pants, they are not as heavy as original Carhart material. Perfect for light work, may not hold up well if you have to crawl around or have a tendency to wear jeans out quickly.",
    "Great price. Saved $10 per pair versus local store. The paints do run a little small so it would be smart to buy one size up in waste size .",
    "Great pant for casual dress work and play. The hammer handle is fairly understated so they look nice and wear well.",
    "can't really blame the sizing. i ordered the same size as a previous identical pair that I've had for years. thought i might need a little more room in the waist being that these are work pants. also I'm pretty sure that I'm a little bigger than when i ordered the last pair. ordered the next size and everything is good, great to work in in warmer weather.",
    "I bought 4 different pairs of these pants in different colors. Carhartt pants tend to run a bit small in the waist so I would recommend getting one size up. I wear a 34 waist but got these in a 36 waist and they fit perfectly! The length is perfect. Great work pants!",
    "Ordered wrong size",
    "They fit well and are the quality I always expect fro Carhartt",
    "Look good, fit well and they're comfortable. Very durable",
    "Prefer them to Levi's.",
    "Carhartt",
    "Well made",
    "I use these for work. They fit great and are a good balance between comfort and durability.",
    "Fit perfect, great color, know they'll last long.",
    "Great work pants.  Fits as expected.",
    "Great quality, fits as expected.",
    "He loves them",
    "I'm 6'3\" and about 160 lbs.  The 33x36 are perfect.  The material is great, too - a lightweight canvas.  It will hold some wrinkles from the laundry spin cycle, but I just fold them carefully and they're fine.  The right-hand utility pocket is big enough for my cell phone + case, which is 6.4x3.5x0.6 inches.",
    "Great pants, I have purchased these before from a local work-wear shop. HOWEVER, since the last time I bought a pair, Carhartt has changed their sizing. Old, beater pair of 38's still fit fine, new 38's were snug until washed, too tight after. Returning the 38's (Amazon's return process is incredible), and re-ordering 40's. There's a blow to the old self-esteem, but the pants are too good to let ego stand in the way. Cell phone pocket holds a Note 4 easily, other pockets very comfortably sized, and fairly wrinkle resistant.",
    "Always been a diehard carhartt fan.",
    "Fits me nicely, offers great range of motion, durable, comfortable as far as work pants go, and still presentable when not dirty. What else could you ask for in a pair of work pants?",
    "Very happy with my pants, I've been wearing carharts for 10 years, they beat Levi's hands down",
    "I'm a diabetic that takes insulin shots in the thigh so I've been searching for a reasonable pair of pants that I can pull up fairly high for taking injections in public. Taking a shot in a standard pair of jeans is an absolute pain in the ass so these things make my life much easier. Plus they give my balls some room too so they're not constantly being squished. I returned and bought 3 more pairs. Normally I wear 34x34 so after reading the sizing comments I went with 36x34 and they fit perfectly!!!",
    "great pants, fit well and high quality.  I will buy these again for sure.",
    "Best pants ever & highly recommend!!",
    "Good price for good work pants",
    "Going to order mo re",
    "First pair came defective. Second replacement pair are great. Very easy return process.",
    "These were for my son who wears a 32x34 He said these were tight in the waist, and is hoping that these will loosen up with wear. The material is heavy duty, but light for summertime in Florida comfort. Also these pants look dressier than jeans, the color is much fuller than the pix show, real deep color. Very nice, I hope that these will get looser over time. the rest of the fit looks sharp. These wear like iron, I have gotten this pant for years. The more you wash em the better they look and fit. I would recommend keeping the packaging and getting a size up as there has been a rash of too small Carharrt items lately, and with that said it is still worth the trouble to get ahold of these canvas slacks.\n5 Stars A++ RECOMMENDED\nVOTE thumbs UP IF YOU FOUND THIS HELPFUL",
    "good work pants or casual wear if you want to look like a stud",
    "My husband loves these for summer time working! Jeans are too hit for him but he says these are great!",
    "I have a hard time finding pants with the correct combination of fit in the waist and room in the thigh. These fit me just right. I own several pair and they hold up well. I have a difficult time finding them in stores, so Amazon and done.",
    "Just a little long.  Other than that ,  perfect.",
    "Carhartt is the best in class",
    "Fit just like I wanted. Love these with the cell phone pocket and hammer loop. I don't need the tool bag as much with these pants. Built tuff, I have a hard time wearing them out. I just wish they were a little cheaper but in this case you do seem to get what you paid for.",
    "Fast delivery. Got these for my husband to wear at work. Great product.",
    "Great pants, we will see how durable they are in the future.",
    "Great",
    "I'm a big fan of these pants. I have several pairs and the origin of manufacturing of the last few pairs was Mexico. The two best things about these is the fit and the cell phone pocket which is below the normal pocket a fair distance away from your gonads.",
    "Husband is a logger. This is the only pants he will wear to work! He gets extremely dirty and works in the woods everyday. Pants hold up wash after wash! Great for men who have heavy duty jobs!",
    "Been wearing them for the last 5 years. I'm a maintenance supervisor and they wear well, takes punishment and in the wash and they come out good as new.",
    "husband's favorite pants - ordering more",
    "Great product as always",
    "Hi!! I'm Stephanie and work for Doug, a plumber.  I found this style of work pants for him and ordered them many years ago and now he won't wear anything else but these!! Nothing even comes close to them.  He's very hard to please and when he said that he loved these...it really made my day! :) Everything about them...he loves but the pockets are the real deal for him!  He loves the way that they curve! So over the years, I've continued to purchase these pants for him along with the same style shorts with the same pockets.  It really breaks my heart that the shorts are no longer available to get.  He worries that he won't be able to get the pants one day as well... so please keep on selling them.  If anyone knows where I can get the Carhartt Men's Canvas Utility Shorts....please let me know!! I've searched the whole internet and still have not been able to locate any of them anywhere :(!! My boss is very upset about that too! I've even called Carhartt head quarters trying to see if they would just make him several years supplies for him but they could not do it! :( I pray that these pants will stay in stock and not be unavailable because my boss will not be a happy man and neither will I because I will have to listen to him complaining everyday about his work pants like he is already complaining about not being able to get the shorts anymore because they are not making them anymore!  Thanks for 2 great items and hopefully those shorts will be made available to purchase again very soon so that I can be happy and my boss can be too! :)  Thanks and have a great day! :) By the way....We both give this product a 5 STAR!!!! *****",
    "the best, in spite of the price. my daily work pant for almost a year......  3-5 days a week.... fully loaded pockets, all stitching has remained intact.",
    "Awesome jeans will buy again",
    "Love it!",
    "Man I love these pants. I highly recommend ditching the blue jeans for work and getting these.\nI will be sure to update this as the months past if they become defective or unusable in anyway.  If this review has helped in anyway please hit the helpful button. Thank you.",
    "Would take these canvas pants any day over jeans! Way more comfortable, easier to move around in, more breathable, and they last longer! As with all Carhartt pants they fit a little slim compared to other brand pants.",
    "he loves them",
    "The fit is just right for me.  I will buy another pair when I need them.",
    "Fits perfect better then I thought",
    "A little big at first but once washed they fit exactly like another pair of carhartt pants i have",
    "Best work pants ever!",
    "I like these pants for working in the yard or working on the truck. I ordered a 36\" length because I am 6'5\" tall but they are about 2 inches too long. Either I am getting shorter or they are making pants longer. These pants are very comfortable and would recommend to others. I am going to buy another pair but will order a 34\" inseam instead of 36\"",
    "these pants are comfortable and durable. Great for warm weather working.",
    "Love these so far. Fit great, lots of useful pockets, very comfortable. Hammer loops on both sides for us lefties. I'll report back in a few weeks to see how the knee area is holding up. That's usually the first to go on my work pants.",
    "I love these pants they last forever!!!",
    "Perfect fit",
    "My husband loves these for work. Fits great",
    "Just what I hoped for...and lots of pockets! !!  Ordering another pair",
    "Very comfortable work pants with quality stitching and deep pockets.  Are a great pant for the summer since they are a thinner, cooler material than regular blue jeans.  Also the lighter color material doesn't get as hot in the sun and makes it easier to find crawling ticks.",
    "I'm 6'3\" 200#. They fit perfect",
    "Very comfortable and light weight.  Lighter than B11's.  Good quality and durable.  My go to casual slacks",
    "Great work pants.  Phone with protective case fits in deep pocket nicely. Washes  well.",
    "Fit better than my levi's or wranglers and the material is great. Gonna be a great work pant. Yes Sir.",
    "Good work pants. They last long and don't get torn easily",
    "Great pants to brew beer in. Not as tough as the double front variety but not as expensive.",
    "Just what we were looking for. Perfect",
    "These are amazing!  Bought for my son and he instantly had a smile on his face when he put these on.  Very comfy!!",
    "Good fit.",
    "This is about the 10th pair I have bought for my husband, no complaints.",
    "The best feature of these pants is the ability to put an iPhone 7 Plus in the lower right side pocket. I wish more manufacturers would make pants like these.",
    "good quality",
    "Great work pants",
    "Great pants, comfortable and looks great.",
    "My boyfriend is very athletically built and has a hard time finding pants that aren't too tight in the thighs and too big in the waist. These work great and look good.",
    "I've gotten these pants in the past, and my work is pretty rough on clothes. Definitely worth the extra money over other work pants, or just an old pair of jeans",
    "Bought these for my husband and they fit perfect.",
    "Nice, durable. Quick delivery.",
    "A great pair of pants!",
    "Great pants!",
    "love these pants! perfect sized pockets in perfect locations. I conceal carry and I found the pockets are excellent for extra magazines/knives/multi-tool. super comfortable and durable. They feel stiff when you first get them but, like denim, wear in nice and provide comfort and toughness",
    "carhart quality as usuall.u can find cheap immitations but that's what they are cheap.i am a welder and no other pants hold up like these.",
    "Perfect for my son who is 6'5.  They fit perfectly and wear very well.  He wears them for work on the farm.",
    "Awesome fit and super comfortable. Hands down the best pair of work pants you will ever own.",
    "I really like these pants. Fit loose and hokd around the waist nice. Good Durability.",
    "very well made nice fit",
    "Comfortable, durable nice looking work pants. Fit is true to size and very comfortable.",
    "Perfect fit and great quality as always.",
    "Carhartt sizes seem a bit on the smaller size. Tough to find the in-between perfect fit. I do like them though. Try them out.",
    "my favorite work pants",
    "He loved them! Will be ordering more!!!",
    "These fit as expected, I like them, I like the pocket for the phone another for the wallet another for the knife, etc",
    "Glad they fit perfect and didn't have to send them back.",
    "Good pants not as thick material as the older ones but still good.",
    "I bought these for my husband. This is the second pair I bought him. They are great for work on hot days.",
    "I knew what size I needed already so the fit is perfect!",
    "Great work pants, well made with good weight fabric. All the pockets you need.",
    "Great product,",
    "Love these pants:)",
    "These are the only pants I wear anymore.",
    "These are the best fitting work/casual pants. I'm tall and thin/athletic and it's hard to find a pant that isn't too baggy or tight and that's the right leg length. I like them so much I bought another exact pair.",
    "love them",
    "Best work pant I've ever owned!  Comfortable and durable!",
    "Good pants, hate there not made in the USA anymore.",
    "Awesome work pants. Very durable but looks sharp and professional.",
    "Exactly what I wanted in two days!",
    "love the pants. construction and build are of quality, but the waist is a bit on the tight size. i will probably only be able to wear for a year.",
    "I wasn't sure how I'd like the navy color, but I like it a lot",
    "Fast shipping, and great product!",
    "Love them",
    "fantastic pants.  love the cell phone pocket and durable fabric.  wears well",
    "Very comfortable. Fit as expected.",
    "fits just right!",
    "husband loves them.",
    "These look nice enough for a casual day at the office but are rugged enough for camping, yard work, etc. As comfortable as an old pair of jeans. Big fan of the side phone pocket. My iPhone 7 fits perfectly. I wear a hard to find size (33W x 36L) and these guys make it very easy to find my size in whatever style I'm looking for.",
    "Great pants, use them a lot working in the garage.  Cell phone in one side pocket and pliers,or knife, or some other tool in the other.  Hold up great, this is my 2nd pair, still using the first pair... just needed another for when they are in the wash.",
    "Great pants",
    "Will buy again",
    "Great work jeans.",
    "Tears  easy. Won't last thru the season",
    "fits exactly the way I thought they would.  Good quality clothing",
    "Have several pair. All are very comfortable and fit well. Lighter weight than some of the other series.",
    "FAST SHIP, GREAT GIFT",
    "Great pants",
    "Okay so I originally bought these in a 32 30 and they were too short, so then I returned and bought a 32 32 and they were too long. I think Carhartt has weird sizing so it may take a few tries to find what fits you right, but its great quality and worth the money.",
    "These are the only pants my son has worn for a couple of years.  They are a heavy weight, but not as stiff and heavy as some of the other Carhartt pants.  He is picky and he thinks they are very comfortable.",
    "Great pant love the color fit perfect  shipping fast",
    "Perfect for my husband",
    "Perfect fit  and material.",
    "Love them!!!",
    "These were a Christmas Gift and he really likes them. He says they are very comfortable.",
    "My husband loves them",
    "Very well made!",
    "Handy product, gives a great place for a cell phone. Comfortable and acceptable for daily business casual wear.",
    "He loved the fit.  Very comfortable material.",
    "My husband loves these. Great quality",
    "Great pants. Soft AND COMPTORABLE",
    "Need size 38/32 for both pair\n\nhttps://www.amazon.com/dp/B001KOE4MU/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Carhartt-Men-s-Loose-Fit-Canvas-Carpenter-Five-Pocket-B159-Darkmoss-36-x-32/dp/B001KOE4MU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Carhartt Men's Loose Fit Canvas Carpenter Five Pocket B159,Darkmoss,36 x 32</a>",
    "Great color, fit and style for work.",
    "Fit great. Look great.",
    "Sent to my son in the AF in ND.  Came in in time and fit perfectly.  Heavy material and rugged.",
    "Fits well, good pockets. I'm a commercial electrician and since buying my first pair a couple years ago, there has been no reason to try other work pants.",
    "Great pants and live up to the brand name well",
    "The first pair were a little big in the waist. This pair fits perfectly!",
    "So far so good",
    "Great pants.  Durable, look good, super comfortable, big pockets!!",
    "Perfect fit. Perfect length.",
    "Perfect weight, comfortable and durable.",
    "Solid product, good service, thank you.",
    "All good!",
    "EXCELLS.",
    "excellent quality durable and better than the rest",
    "This cut is for below the wais by design by Carhartt - and as such they fit as expected. Nice loose fit on the legs.\n\nDo remember to check Carhartt's guides as the \"Regular\", \"Relaxed\", \"Loose\" aren't just the diameter - they affect where the belt sits. Above, at, or below the natural waist.\n\nWith a few more chest pounds than I'd like I need the belt just below the natural waist . This \"Loose Fit\" is designed to sit right there.",
    "Perfect fit great work pockets",
    "I love Carhartt pants on my husband! They fit better than any other brand he has worn. Great quality! Highly recommend!",
    "Soft and comfortable.  Will purchase again",
    "The best work pants I've got! Worth the money for sure! Better than dickies for sure!",
    "I bought these for my son  for his work and  had them sent directly to him.  He said they wash nicely and are very sturdy ...fit was pervect..",
    "They seem to be well made. Will buy another pair.  They seem to run small. I take a 34-35 bought a 34 and returned them and got 36 waist.",
    "Great",
    "Purchased these pants to replace a worn out pair of carhartt pants that were my husband' s favorite work pants. He was very happy with the fit- true to size. Will be ordering more of these. Satisfied customer.",
    "Cool",
    "Excellent fit. Love the fabric. It's a great everyday pant. If I worked outside everyday in the summer, I'd go with these. If I needed something to work in colder weather, I'd look for something a little thicker.",
    "Nice pants, easy through the thigh, multiple hammer loops, cell phone pocket.",
    "Love these pants",
    "Just what I  wanted!",
    "always wrinkled after drying, but they are just work pants so I don't care",
    "Great",
    "Pants fit great and look even better, expected to last a long time",
    "I love the style but the waste is too small.",
    "love these pants they are now the only ones i rock at work, play, and the occasional riot only kidding cause i'm working for a living WORKIN",
    "GREAT pants!  Carhartt makes a great pair of pants.  Wear like iron, pockets everywhere I need them.",
    "Perfect!",
    "The comfort of these pants is perfect and the size was spot on. The material seems soft but durable, and the color is pretty much what I expected. These are for work and I can see these lasting for a few years easy.",
    "These pants are the only pants I wear to work, they take a beating!",
    "Looks & fits good",
    "My favorite work pants, been wearing these for years. The quality and fit keep being great and the pockets are used on a daily basis!",
    "Fit as expected-perfect for work!",
    "They're great",
    "My favorite style and fit of pants",
    "Perfect!",
    "Great pants!",
    "Good product",
    "Great pants! Could wear these everyday.",
    "Not many pants work for me in the field I'm in, either don't fit right or they're too uncomfortable. Until I found these. Fit great, feel great, I'm happy!",
    "Nice and cool good fit",
    "great , no more levis",
    "Good pants",
    "My hubby loves them!",
    "For my son only complaint I have heard is that when he is out in the woods the briars go right through the fabric.",
    "Great looking pants, good buy for the price.",
    "As expected....Great looks and feel. Carhartt has always done well with my purchases and this is no exception. I'm hard on work pants and these hold as well or better than most.",
    "Awesome",
    "Great pair of pants. Phone pocket is big enough to fit a large smart phone in a case. I am buying more in the near future.",
    "Sizing is perfect, love the dual hammer loops, very roomy fit and light weight but seems like they will hold up....also very cool leg pockets. These are great pants..... Also reasonably priced.... Great job Carhartt!\nAlso want to note I'm glad they are not a very heavy weight fabric...\nWho wants to walk around sweating all day??",
    "Durable for my husband work",
    "Yes satisfied with all my purchases.",
    "great pants; normal styling; sturdy fabric; nice color; good value",
    "Comfortable and lightweight.",
    "love these pants. i am a female and wear a women's size 6, i buy a size 30x32 in these and they fit great. wash and dry in the dryer well, no shrinking.",
    "Great pants. Very light and durable too.",
    "These pants are great work pants.",
    "Very pricey for work pants but they do last. So you get what you pay for.",
    "Had to return the first pair as they were a bit snug.  Not sure if they run a little smaller than other brands loose fit?  But they are high quality work pants.  Very happy with the purchase and the return process was a breeze.",
    "I wear a 36 in most pants but this time I went with a 38 waist and Love them. Very comfortable....",
    "I own a pair in every color. I wear every day to work. I have several that are 7 years old,they take a beating and come back for more, I'm in the concrete business and nothing comes close.",
    "Fit great.",
    "Quality perfect very baggy though.  Still 5 stars for my mistake.",
    "This pants are excellent. They feel strong, yet not so stiff. Can't wait to work in them this fall!",
    "Really like these pants.  While new, I will dress them up a bit. Later I will work outside in them.  38 x 36 fits as it should on me.",
    "My husband has been wearing these for years, he won't work (farmer) in jeans anymore. They are very comfortable.",
    "Might as well call these pants bullet proof. Rugged, durable, and sexy as hell while doing mainly shit around the house. Owned a couple pairs like this that I still wear today,  and those pairs have to be over 10 years old. Those carharts still haven't faded, torn, or shrunk.\n\nSolid purchase and will continue to buy.\n\nPlease send me some more ;)",
    "Great pants. My husband finds these much more comfy than jeans. He likes all the pockets; they're symmetrical pockets, so if he's carrying, say, small heavy tools, the weight can be balanced, and he claims that the pocket (and fabric loop) placement prevents stuff falling out. He wears these with Hold-Ups suspenders.",
    "good work pants.",
    "Wow. My legs are big for my waist size. I need pants with a loose fit to be comfortable. These are perfect. I washed them cold and did not notice any shrinkage. Material is strong yet light. I will be buying a couple more pairs. Love 'em.",
    "Love these pants. Last pair I had lasted me years so had to buy more. Would recommend them to anyone else that I's looking for work pants that breath and last years. Worth the price!",
    "Great pants. Get one size larger.",
    "Awesome work pants! Most comfortable I've ever used! Never wearing jeans to work again you can feel the weight difference at the end of the day! And my wife says it looks great on me!",
    "Nice thick fabric!",
    "They are awesome all the way around.",
    "Worth every penny.",
    "Great quality pants that look and feel wonderful.  Has a pocket on the outer thigh that fits my cased phone perfectly. Shrunk only slightly with the first wash.",
    "Great fit.",
    "High quality, durable work pants. My son works with masonry/stone/brick/block. These withstand a lot of abuse.",
    "They may say Men's but I'm a relatively average size woman and they have been perfect for me. Great yard work pants with all sorts of pockets for the tools I need.",
    "Ordered these for construction and wood working. Very comfortable and they don't hug your legs/thigh such as jeans do when you sweat. If you work outdoors these are perfect for you.",
    "Nice Pants\nFit is better (not as baggy as regular fit)",
    "The fit is comfortable & fast shipment",
    "Very comfortable and durable work pants.  Well priced.",
    "great!",
    "These pants can take some serious abuse! After 50 washes they still look and perform well.",
    "These jeans are truly superior compared to other big names.",
    "Yep pants that fit",
    "Great pants were someone long at ankles tight at waist but I ordered a size up on the waist like reviews recommended  and it worked well for us .",
    "Yes",
    "I like them, they are longer than the last pair of Carhartt's I purchased, so that is good as I'm 6'6\" and really need a 37\" inseam which nobody makes.  But all my other 38\" waist pants are a little looser than these.  I'm hoping they will loosen up after a few wears.  They aren't too heavy, they're ok for summer wear.",
    "I LOVE these. I recently got a tear that would have ripped my jeans apart, but months later the fear is still tiny, and completely wearable. Love these",
    "Great pants. Durable. Still wearing them after a year.",
    "very nice fit , very comfortable",
    "Perfect fit, perfect fabric weight. These are a favorite in the shop. Durable and comfortable. Will purchase more.",
    "Love these pants. Pockets are in the right spots. Pants fit great",
    "great light work pants for summer",
    "Very nice quality.",
    "Husband loves these pants.",
    "Good everyday working pant that is comfortable",
    "Another win for Carhartt!",
    "My husband loves them. It is all he will wear to work.",
    "Great pants to work in",
    "husband loves these Carhartt pants for work",
    "Just ordered my second pair. Great work pants that are comfortable and loose around the legs, for room to breathe and move around! Sizing was perfect",
    "Great pants, nice fit good price  will be buying more",
    "put on a pair of carharts and your sex appeal doubles!",
    "Very comfortable and stylish. Use them for work and play. Very high quality and stains come out very easily",
    "Great fit",
    "I recently purchased a pair of the B151 Khaki pants and wanted to try a little different style. These are the Loose fit and they are comfortable and fit just like they should. I have had problems in the past finding the jeans that fit my 30\" inseam. They always seem to be just a little long. These loose fit Carhartt B159's are great. They fit my inseam perfectly when I put on my boots. They don't drag the ground behind my boots. Perfect Fit!",
    "I bought those pants for my boyfriend. He's 1.80 mt and 70 kg. Fit perfect. He will buy another one in other color. The quality it's excellent. Very happy with the purchase.",
    "Exactly what I was looking for.",
    "Honestly, the so-called \"loose fit\", to me, isn't \"loose\". But it does fit, and I'd definitely buy again.  The right side cell pocket holds my Samsung Note 4 in its TPU protective case, leaving about 1/2\" of the phone peeking out the top of the pocket, convenient to reach for when needed, yet secure. The look passes easily for business casual (probably why they're always out of Golden Khaki, and have good sales on 'Mushroom').  And the comfort and strength of the fabric means it'll be around for a while.",
    "My husband wears these for work and they hold up really well in comparison to other cheaper options that last only a few months.  They are slightly baggy, but he says they move really well and with his job that is very physically active, movement is a must.  Definitely worth the money.",
    "My favorite pair of work pants. Durable and comfortable. I'm 6'3 and these were perfect for me at 34x34, which is rare when you have long legs.",
    "Love these pants so far, I mostly wanted the cell phone pocket, hate have my phone in my front or back pocket",
    "Definitely pleased with product. Company super efficient",
    "I work outside almost everyday in humid Northern Florida. If you work outside, get these pants and never wear jeans again. They are super comfortable have a generous fit. Again, if they can make it down here in the summer they can work anywhere. Stop sweating and upgrade. Great price. I never write reviews but I had to on these pants. Thanks Carrhart",
    "I typically wear a 34 length (which is what I ordered) but these are just a little longer than expected. I would order another pair of these in a 33 length and I think they would be good.",
    "i love it",
    "Nice pants not as heavy as regular Carhart good for summer.",
    "Great pants. A bit thinner than the duck pants, perfect during the hotter months.",
    "I hate to admit it but I used to wear skinny jeans. But i have found the light! These jeans are comfortable and can take a beating. Ive taken them hunting, shootingand camping dozens of times. No wearing or tears. Fair warning it looks weird if you ware your carheart jacket the same color.",
    "Very nice",
    "Awesome pants fit well awesome features with the rip stop fabric!",
    "thanks",
    "Comfortable and look nice",
    "Great price for a great item",
    "finer",
    "Just what I needed. Great pants.",
    "Great pear of pants for the office or mill",
    "Great work pants!  Thanks! They fit great and do the job!  Excellent customer service, fast shipping too!",
    "They are comfortable and hold up well.",
    "Bought one pair for my husband who is a landscaper, he loved them! We bought another pair.",
    "Great work pants for summer time heat. Nice and light!",
    "They fit very well, and are loose enough for larger thighs. The cell phone-sized pocket is a really handy feature, and the wide openings at the bottom to cover boots are nice as well.\n\nThe canvas feels durable, and the stitches appear to be strong and well done. I would expect these pants to hold up well over a long period of time and use. I was deciding between these and the Columbia ROC II pants, and have been very happy with these so far.",
    "Great product",
    "I ordered these for my husband who loves Carhartt brands.  He wears Carhartt daily but needs something lighter during the summer months.  I have been looking for something other than the standard colors and these were perfect plus he loves the lose fit and carpenter style.",
    "Happy with the fit and look!!",
    "great pants! fit amazingly very comfortable and durable!",
    "These pants fit like they should. They are durable enough, but not if you're working on your knees a lot. I like the khakis because they look sort of dressed up for those times the CEO comes to town. The right side leg pocket is large enough to hold my iPhone 6 with a metal Verus case securely.",
    "Love them durable, comfortable.. I guess sizes run alittle big though.\n\nWill defiantly buy again",
    "If you want good work pants, buy carharrt.",
    "Just as described",
    "Excellent fit and regular Carhart quality",
    "Couldn't find the \"loose\" fit in the store. Fit perfect.",
    "Love these pants for work. I'm and engineer in a manufacturing company. These pants are comfortable and a little more dress-y than jeans. That's why I have 4 pair!!!",
    "Very comfortable and fit well. Durable material should hold up to daily work wear. I did have to order a 30 length when I normally wear a 32 in every other pant Ive bought. Ive found Carhart's sizing to be a llittle difficult at times, I tried them at my local Carhart store before ordering.",
    "Perfect",
    "These are the best work pants ever.",
    "would use again",
    "Carhartt makes the best work pants. Period",
    "Good pants. Just make sure to go up one size on the waist. For some reason the canvas carhartts always run small in the waist",
    "Carhardt is always high quality",
    "This was a gift",
    "I wear these pants at work because they are comfortable and fit me better than the uniform pants that we are issued.",
    "These are the ideal pants.",
    "I'll never go back to denim. These are much more durable than any blue jeans. It was awkward getting used to how they sit kind of low on the hips but they're the perfect work pants for me now.",
    "Great pants. Fits perfectly.",
    "It's the only pants I will buy and haven't purchased any other brands in the last 10 years!",
    "Great pants, but run small.",
    "Excellent pair of pants",
    "great",
    "Perfect fit from the start. I like the subtle design of the cargo pockets that are a bit more to the rear of the leg and less obvious as other cargo pocket pant designs which gives the pants a sleeker and dressier look. The material feels rugged without being overly stiff -- a good compromise. Nice moss color, too.",
    "Great product as expected. Great product as expected.",
    "Good fit",
    "what you would expect from carhart. comfortable, breathes good, looks good",
    "Perfect fit, nice and comfortable. Great cell phone pocket to boot (iPhone 6s) fits a little loose which I like.",
    "As advertised",
    "5*!",
    "This was tough they almost fit as expected but they are a bit loose at the waist. The quality is excellent as expected from Carhartt.",
    "Very easy care and durable lite comfortable",
    "Great fit !!",
    "My huhusband loves them the only problem is they are a tab bit longer than most pants that are 32 in length",
    "MY HUSBAND LOVES THE PANTS. THEY ARE JUST WHAT HE NEEDED. HE WORKS OUTSIDE SO HE LOVES CARHARTTS",
    "My husband loves these jeans.  He is very rugged on his clothes and these seem to be the only ones that hold up well.",
    "Love em. Perfect in the Arizona heat.",
    "super nice and very comfortable and they fit well great work pants and casual pants.",
    "Great work pants.",
    "Must order a size up. They run a little small",
    "great",
    "Fit just a tad bit snug compared to most 36x32s but still fits well enough. Definitely recommend, great pants, great quality, fast shipping",
    "Love these pants!",
    "My husband was very pleased with these pants, he is 6'0 and weighs about 190 - so a 36/30 fit him great! Carhartt has great products and these pants did not disappoint.",
    "Just what I've come to expect from carhartt. Little bit more slim in the legs but still good to go!",
    "Carhartt makes the best pants for working that I've ever found. I use these for yard work, as well as any moving/lifting/etc that tears up nice jeans. My first pair of these lasted about 6 years and are finally wearing through, and I'm betting these will last even longer. Great pants!",
    "These are the best work pants ever.  My boys, age ranges teen to twenty-something to hubby, wear these for work and camping.  The material is sturdy and washes very well.  I do not use dryer sheets, as they can damage clothing.  These pants last forever and take a beating!  Hubby does alot of work on his knees, so after several months, the knees do wear out and rip, so it's patch time and they last and last and last.  They offer great protection when hiking through brush or working in the woodshop or with tools.  I highly recommend this brand.  The fit is really comfy too - who wants tight work pants that you can't bend in?  They're not baggy even tho they're loose fit.  They're just right!  You won't be sorry.",
    "Pants arrived in good packaging. Fit well according to chart. Look good feel good nice and loose easy to work in.",
    "To small",
    "Waist is slightly smaller then expected but still a good fit. Length is good with enough room for my work boots. Still very high quality pants.",
    "I love it.",
    "Love these pants!",
    "Most comfortable.surprisingly more so than dungarees",
    "Not as stiff as other pants from Carhartt. Great color!",
    "Good bye",
    "Excellent pants at a great price.  Fits perfectly and held up well after washing and drying.",
    "Perfect fit. Very comfortable.",
    "Great work pants",
    "I like the loose fit better than the relaxed fit. Waist size was perfect. I don't see how so many people mention in they're reviews to buy larger waist size. I recommend you buy your normal pants size.",
    "Great!",
    "Fit as expected!",
    "Great fit and durable fabric.\n I love the cell phone pocket.",
    "Nice pants  just what we expected",
    "Great work and casual pants.  My only thought is that the gray color can fade somewhat quickly if you work on your knees a lot as I do.",
    "LOVE these pants!!!",
    "Please.",
    "Fit well",
    "Great",
    "Was excited to get a hard to find size and it fit perfectly.",
    "Good fit",
    "Good",
    "Great item",
    "I had a pair prior to this pair and literally worn them until I had holes in the knees.  The fit is exactly what I had expected.  Also a very durable paint.",
    "Everything carhartt is so nice. It's always the best quality and durability. Super nice pants, i perfer this material over dikies or jeans anyday. and they look good. True to size, not large or small, don't assume because its Carhartt it will be big. Totally worth 40$.",
    "love them",
    "comfortable, tough and help keep the cold out. I love them. I wear them pretty much everyday to work as a construction manager.",
    "Great fit",
    "Great. Wearing them right now. Comfortable and solid. Wore them to work in as a teacher, but they will start being used for work outdoor pants. I might even like them more than my Riggs pants, which I really like.",
    "Exactly what my husband wanted, but cheaper than in the store. Great pants. He wears them everyday to work(as a carpenter)",
    "Love these!",
    "I love these pants. They fit a iPhone perfect and look good too.",
    "very good quality. Ill be able to really beat these up",
    "Awesome pants... Recommended, and will buy again.",
    "Great",
    "Great pants! Comfortable and lightweight but durable!",
    "Nice",
    "These are my favorite work pants! Light weight and very durable",
    "Good quality and plenty of extra pockets.",
    "Perfect work pants. They even have a cell phone pocket on the leg. Awesome.",
    "great pants!",
    "Margaret..  need I say more?",
    "Carhart is always a great purchase.  Delivery by UPS was not great, but with no other options offered you're stuck.",
    "Husband's favorite work pants",
    "Product runs longer",
    "Fit great",
    "Looks good",
    "great pants",
    "Great work pants",
    "well made",
    "Live in these. All winter.",
    "Great product and fast shipping.",
    "I ordered the size that I normally wear as far as jeans go, 35/34.  I'm 6-1, 210 labs and they fit great.  I've worn the s&*t out of these things already and have not been disappointed yet.  The pockets are deep enough to fit my hands up to the wrists and the back pockets fit my wallet well.  The thigh pockets are just the right size to fit my cell phone (iPhone 5) with a slightly bulky case on it.  The pants feel good and look pretty good too.  I have gotten all kinds of crap on them and they seem to wash well.  Dried joint compound came right off with my fingernail and the residue washed right out.  They don't wrinkle too bad and I haven't had any shrinkage from the wash yet.  The bottoms fit right over all the boots and shoes that I've worn with them without any bunching at the hems, but the cuffs aren't so big that they drag on the ground behind the shoe either.  I will definitely purchase one or two more pairs if these start to fall apart, but I don't have a feeling that they will anytime soon.",
    "Best work pants ever. I use them all year round.",
    "Great pants all around.  No complaints.",
    "Very nice fit. 34x36 fit me well. I'm 6'4 208 lbs. Comfortable pants. Not super heavy duty however. Just right for regular work pants.",
    "Would be looser fit if I lost a few pounds. Lol",
    "I own three pairs of these pants and have been wearing them for years instead of regular Levis. They're rugged, attractive and fit great. I couldn't be happier.",
    "good quality",
    "I tried them on, and they fit good.....",
    "Everything was perfect and delivery was earlier than expected at time of order.",
    "I, a woman, love the fit of these jeans!  The lower rise is much more comfortable, and all the pockets are very handy.  This is my 2nd pair of these -- the 1st pair had just the right amount of Loose Fit (loose, but not baggy), so had to get another.",
    "Excellent fit!",
    "Had to exchange my 38x36 back for fitting somewhat small.. I was sent 40x34  which fit very nicely",
    "Great",
    "Love these pants for work. Bought 4 pairs, have lasted 3 months so far.",
    "great",
    "Good",
    "Look great and fits perfectly. Very comfortable and practical pair of pants. I would probably buy a light color next time though since mine seem to attract white lint.",
    "Nice pants. Wear well and fit nice.",
    "My husband loves these pants.  He says they are like a thin cotton duck.  He got two pairs one in navy and the other in mushroom.  They look great too.",
    "Work pants for my husband look good and sturdy",
    "Excellent.",
    "Ran a little small but other then that they are perfect!",
    "Great pants",
    "love it",
    "I ordered these 4 1/2 years ago and, sadly, today I had to lay them to rest. Shift work in the paper mill was a hard life, and now they're done. Good thing I ordered 6 more pair to share the load.",
    "Perfect fit. Very nice quality",
    "Good Quality and lightweight. Comfortable",
    "it is hard for a fat man like me to find good quality pants that fit and these fit great so thank you !!",
    "Fairly lightweight pair of pants, meaning light in weight not quality, good for warmer weather.  Side pocket will fit an Apple Iphone 6 plus smartphone, but a little tight.",
    "Fit great. Like'm.",
    "These pants are great. My husband works in construction are very durable.",
    "I tend to need a slightly more generous cut in the legs than most pants that fit my waist would give. The loose fit Carpenter pants fit very well. I'm only wearing them to work around the house so they are plenty durable for my needs.",
    "Carhartt makes some great pants, but for me their fit is really tricky. Some of their pants ride up too high on the waist. Some are too tight if you have big thighs like me. These B159 loose fit seem to be the best fitting of all for me. I like the material of these pants - they are canvas, but feel more like smooth denim. And best of all, they are classy enough to wear to work, yet durable enough to wear while doing yard clean up.\n\nOne tip - always order one inseam size longer than you normally would, because with all Carhatt products, they shrink a lot after repeated washing & drying!!",
    "The pants were just the right fit.",
    "Fits perfect and excellent quality",
    "Since I started wearing these I don't ever see myself going back to jeans. I have 4 different pairs of these plus 2 in the older style and fabric. The pants are tough and stand up well, very practical to wear, and the pockets are great for my every day carry items.",
    "Great work pants",
    "Got these for my son to ride trails on his dirt bike. He loved them said they wore great for his rugged trip.",
    "Soft and broken in feeling out of the package.  Lightweight pants good for warmer weather working.",
    "Only pants my husband will wear to work!!",
    "Great fit, they seem pretty similar to the canvas work pant.  The legs are pretty roomy but they're still \"stylish\" enough to wear to work or around town.\n\nThis material is almost identical to the canvas work pant and is substantially thinner/lighter than the washed duck, although still quite durable.",
    "It's a good quality pair of pants",
    "great pants just too long. Needed shorter in legs",
    "Got these for my husband; I will be replacing all his jeans with these. Said they are better than any of his pants!",
    "Excellent fit!",
    "These pants are the best ones that I've owned for my landscaping job. They offer the proper protection and they damn near fit perfectly. Recommend.",
    "Legs are way baggy but waist fits as expected",
    "Fit great and are comfortable",
    "Great fit and color as shown.",
    "My hubby loves them and they fit perfectly!",
    "I work in an office, but we occasionally move heavy equipment around and visit industrial spaces. I like Carhartt since they are rugged yet look more \"professional\" than jeans. Ordered one pair in 38x34 which fit perfectly. Ordered three more in different colors, and all were a great fit.",
    "Fantastic pants. They fit great and they're rugged for construction site work. Awesome.",
    "Excellent",
    "Carhartt pants are great, sturdy and comfortable.",
    "Great pants!",
    "Best pants ever! Too bad this model was discontinued by Carhartt.",
    "Great fit, delivered on time.",
    "Good pants for carpenter",
    "Fit great. They have been durable thus far. As expected from a quality name",
    "Great pair of work pants. Has few key pockets for a few tools and a hammer holster. Great overall but run alittle smaller.",
    "Very happy, great fit",
    "Great",
    "Son liked the fit. I will reserve opinion depending on the way they wear.",
    "good quality product. reasonable price.",
    "Good comfortable pants.",
    "Very pleased",
    "Fit right and seem like they'll be good work pants.",
    "Good quality as always.",
    "Durable work pants",
    "Love them",
    "My husband loves these",
    "good stuff. us made or chinee made don't matter none.\n\nit still good stuff. and i have sears with a lousy selection......so hoorah to amazon!",
    "Being a customer for many years, you know what to expect from Carhartt, and you get it!",
    "excellent as usual for carhartt",
    "Quick shipping, good price, happy customer.",
    "Great looking, durable work pants for my millwright man!",
    "I was pleasantly surprised. These pants are so nice that they could be worn into a managerial meeting and then walk outside and frame some walls. I really like them.",
    "Fit is great, material is a medium weight, so it is durable for Spring and Fall weather.",
    "These are great summer work pants. I have two pairs of 38 waist but the longer I wash them, they get slightly smaller.  So ordered a size 40, I need a belt but really like the extra room.  I would recommend ordering one size larger than you usually wear.",
    "Love these pants...so comfortable.",
    "40 waist was a bit tight. Could be my fault. :0",
    "Great pants",
    "Excellent, love these pants!",
    "Great pair or pants, comfortable and good looking pants, I like the pockets.",
    "Love them",
    "Pants fit perfect. Durable and comfortable.",
    "Husband loves them!",
    "Very comfortable and well made.",
    "My son loves these!",
    "This was a good choice.",
    "No",
    "Absolutely love these pants. I work with 20 to 40 dog's regularly and these pants hold up to everything. That includes muddy paws and catching nails. They are extremely comfortable while kneeling or squatting too. If I had the money, I would buy 3 of each color.",
    "great fit very durable",
    "These are great work pants!! And so  convenient To order online but, I tried a pair on before I ordered more. Very happy with them!",
    "Works great for my note 4.",
    "Fit my brother well",
    "Fit well, feel better",
    "Fit perctly my husband who is 6'1\" and 230 lbs.  These pants have a nice loose fit on the legs.  Nice enough to go out too.",
    "Excellent quality",
    "I have a hard time finding pants that fit. Often they are way to tight through the thighs so I have to go up in the waist to get pants that fit. These had plenty of room for my big legs to fit!  And they are good looking too!  I'm 6'4\" 280#s",
    "These pants are durable and fit great.  They last a long time and are very well made.",
    "Great fit...Good quality...Ordering one more pair...",
    "My boyfriend loves these. I'm going to order him more!",
    "Excellent fit, quality material, fast shipping.  Will get again.",
    "Fit perfect",
    "Couldn't ask for a better pair of working jeans !!!!!!",
    "As promised no problems",
    "Great deal. Arrived in 2 days free shipping. Fit perfect",
    "Best looking most comfortable casual / work pants I have ever owned.  They are light and keep cool on hot days.  I plan to add several to my closet.  Great product.",
    "Great pants fit as expected!",
    "Great",
    "They were a little tight in the waist",
    "I've ordered additional pairs of these.  You can get them here with a 35\" waist - no where else for selection and value received!  And they're Carhartt's so they're rugged and last a long time.",
    "The fit was perfect. A lot of pants these days seem to be designed for skinny dudes with scrawny thighs and no butt. The loose fit of these pants makes them among the most comfortable pants I have ever worn.",
    "Was looking for work pants lighter, cooler than denim, they are a bit reminiscent of bell bottoms, but much better fit than other Carhart pants I have bought.",
    "Great purchase....can never go wrong with the Carhartt brand!!",
    "Comfortable.",
    "The quality is good, the price is right",
    "I bought these pants for my son and he thinks they're great.",
    "Fit Fine after one washing. Pleased!",
    "Great fit as expected",
    "Great pair of pants",
    "great work pants, mid weight for warm weather, good fit, a little thicker than the b151, so they should last a little longer.",
    "Love these pants for work. Pockets are great for tools. The fabric is rugged enough for work but light enough to be comfortable and cool in temperature.",
    "Very lite material. Perfect for warmer days. Not the heavy canvasy ( if that's a word ) carhartt material. Run a bit small",
    "Like the fit good quality.",
    "Was actually looking for a slightly different style, similar weight, in an indigo. Beginning to think they don't make that style anymore. These feel terrific.",
    "Great purchase",
    "A good summer work pant.",
    "comfy and fit well.",
    "great",
    "Love these pants for work light for warm days and very comfortable",
    "To start off I first bought a couple pairs of these for work and they lasted me a couple years which is what I expected. I must say I really am happy with these pants. These fit perfect and exactly how I was expecting them to. only reason I need to buy new ones is because after having them for a year or two a hole started tearing in the crotch.",
    "Great pants.  True to size listed.",
    "Nice work pants",
    "Excellent pants. I've worked in Levis for 30 years...and I have to say these Carhartts are much more comfortable to work in. The Levis are now saved for weekends, like the rest of the white-collar world :)",
    "Carhartt never lets me down! Great fit, very durable, and not too hot on long days landscaping in the sun.",
    "Pats fit great... Have been buying several Carharts pants, however this particular one has been showing a couple of holes on the top leg... maybe the material had a defect...?",
    "Fit great!",
    "Nice paint for the price fast shipping",
    "Perfect weight for the summer",
    "They are Carhartts so you get what you expect. Great deal. Came promptly. Good job.",
    "They were a birthday gift for my son. Carhartt never disappoints.",
    "Fits good, fast delivery",
    "Husband only wears these- I buy 6 pairs every summer.",
    "Great",
    "Great pant perfect for work",
    "My husband loves these pants, so we bought three pair.  He wears them for work as an electrician.",
    "Very nice. Beautiful product. Fits perfectly. They on appearance look like khaki's but with work horse materials and longevity. Will buy again for my husband.",
    "I own 2 pairs of these already, they are my go to pant once the weather starts to warm up and I can shed the coverall.  Awesome hot weather work pant.",
    "very comfortable fit and wear as expected, return customer.",
    "I love these like all my Carhartts.  I'm glad I listened to other reviewers.  I normally wear a 32/32 or 33/32.  I ordered these in 34/32 and they fit PERFECTLY.  I love the fit, perfect for work.  They are not baggy but definitely plenty roomy for moving around, bending down and getting the job done.  I will definitely be purchasing more of these pants.",
    "These pants fit well, and loosen up slightly as they are broken in. They are lightweight but durable. I have worn  them everyday for work for the past few years. I own several colors",
    "I bought 3 pair of these.  Awesome!!!!  My go to  pants from now on.",
    "Look great. My man wears a 36/30 should've gone 38/30 they shrink a little in dryer",
    "I ordered next waist size up per the reviews, fit comfortably.  She may or may not be right...",
    "THEY REALLY ARE NICE NOW I AM WAITING TO WASH THEM AND SEE HOW THEY DRY AND HOW MANY WRINKLES.  I WILL LET YOU KNOW.  THANKS",
    "AWESOME!  Great pants with a perfect fit for work or play...just bought another pair in a different color",
    "Carhartts are sized one size smaller in the waist and one size longer in the leg as compared to jeans. I remembered that, and they fit perfectly.",
    "Cant say enough about them, They're quality pants that fit like they should.  I am very pleased.",
    "Carhartt is my sportswear of choice for rugged good looking and pants that fit.  When I could not find the style that I wanted in the color I needed I turned to Amazon.  It did not take me long to find what I wanted in the size and color that I needed.  The price was great, the service excellent and when I am in need again I will be coming back.",
    "Bought these for my boyfriend, he loves them and they fit him great!",
    "These are the only work pants that I buy. They are comfortable, durable and reasonably priced. The extra pockets come in quite handy for my cell phone or tools as needed. They also look good enough for a night out! I recommend these pants!",
    "Great buy, quick shipping !!!",
    "Perfect! Husband loves the fit.",
    "Very happy, I will be buying more!",
    "Very durable and comfortable",
    "Bought these for my hubby. He loves them and fit perfectly. They are great quality and wash well.",
    "Great as usual",
    "Love them",
    "I finally had to get another pair. I'd been wearing the same pair for at least 2 days a week for 4 years. I still wear them but just to rough around the feet and stains. I will say that an iPhone 5s with life proof case does fit snug in the cell pocket on new carpenter pants.",
    "Great pair of pants, fit good. Wish they were a little but cheaper but you pay for quality",
    "Hubby loves them, and wants more !!",
    "Good price! Very pleased with the pants!",
    "Every pair of jeans I own is a 40 waist (which for me is about a half size to big) and I like the way they fit. I tried these on at a local store and I couldn't even fasten the 40 waist. They didn't have a 42 in the store so I ordered a 42Wx32L from Amazon and they fit me exactly how I would have expected the 40 to fit. From the sounds of other reviews it appears to me that the closer you get to a 30 waist the more true they fit. So, choose wisely.  Comfortable light material and they seem to be constructed very well. The Canvas really just feels like thin denim. The real reason I'm reviewing these pants is to let my fellow \"big men\" out there know that if your like me and have bigger muscular thighs and have a hard time finding truly loose fitting pants, look no further. I have tried on dozens of supposedly loose fitting jeans from every brand imaginable with nearly all fitting me like 80's style 501s (or rodeo style Wranglers for the country folks). These are the baggiest pair of pants I have owned since me beloved Silver Tab Baggy and Lucky 48 \"Fat Boy Fit\" jeans were discontinued. Now if Carhartt would just make this cut in a standard 5 pocket jean with some nice dark washes I be set for life. I do feel compelled to warn all the slim guys out there that, your little birdie legs will probably be \"swimming\" in these jeans and I'd go with Carhartts \"relaxed\" fit instead. (A little side note to the big men. I have also found that Wrangler 20X style 33 \"extreme relaxed\" jeans also fit me and my bigger thighs well)",
    "My husband is one of the pickiest people I have ever met when it comes to the comfort of his clothes. Whenever he finds something comfortable he buys 5-6 pairs of them. These pants were true to size and my husband says they are extremely comfortable. They look very durable for work. We bought 5 pairs",
    "Lite, great for warm weather, comfy fit",
    "Great work pants. Fits exactly as expected. Roomy enough in the seat and the thighs, but not baggy. I'll be ordering more of these for sure.",
    "Great work pants this is the 4th pair I've purchased for my husband he couldn't be happier with them",
    "Just what I expected from Carhartt pants at an awesome price!!  These are at least $15 - $20 cheaper than our Carhartt retail outlet.  They fit just as I expected them too.  I have big legs and have to have a loose fit pant and these are perfect, not baggy and not tight.",
    "instantly comfortable and easy to wash so far it has been very durable",
    "Love these pants. As I've noticed for all Carhartt products, they run small. I normally wear 34's, but in Carhartt 36 is the way to go. They are stiff while being broken in, but they get quite comfy after a few washes. The pockets are huge, in the most excellent way.",
    "Good work pants",
    "Good pants!",
    "GREAT PANTS.  BUY THEM.",
    "Very satisfied with this purchase!",
    "Great transaction - simple & right",
    "I've purchased these before fit good comfortable and they have high back. Sick of low cut any thing. As a builder you put things in the pockets and pulling your pants up every two seconds gets old. These stay up.",
    "Should have bought these before I ever started landscaping. Best pants on Earth. Hold up to anything. Fit incredibly comfortable - no restriction of movement like jeans. I've got muscular legs that normally don't comfortable fit jeans, but these are great without being baggy.\n\nYou can wear them for days at work before having to switch to the next pair. I have 3 pairs now and never run out doing laundry once a week. Just hang them up after a day of work and put them right back on the next day with a little dirt on them, but these colors make it hard to see. Once they're noticeably dirty or get wet, I wear the next ones.\n\nHave yet to notice any wear to any of my pairs after a few months of use.",
    "My favorite work pants",
    "Absolutely fit perfect the cell phone pocket even holds my iPhone six which I didn't think it would it is larger than most so phones. Will probably order two more pair",
    "Great fit, got delivered fast!",
    "great pant.  My husband loves these.",
    "This is a replacement as my husband has almost worn out the others. He loves them.",
    "My husband loves these pants. Nice fit. Looks good on him.",
    "Great all around!",
    "Love these jeans.  Great fit.  Great Quality.",
    "Great Pant.",
    "I was nervous about the sizes on these pants due to many reviews, but I still ordered my usual size and they fit perfect.  They are very comfortable and feel very durable. They fit over my work boots without any issues and the pockets are deep which I like. Ordered a second pair because I like them so much.",
    "I cut the hammer loops off because I don't like them, but otherwise these are great pants. The side pocket on the left outer thigh is big enough for just about any 5.0-5.5\" screened cell phone (even with case if the case isn't extra bulky.)",
    "I was a little nervous buying these after reading some of the reviews. They fit him well and he loves them. Not sure where they were made. He is wearing them now, so can't exactly look at the tag.",
    "These paints fit better then I expected. They look good meaning they don't look like your typical carpenters jeans, people have said that I like your slacks. They are tough enough for everyday hard work. Furthermore, you can wear out dinner, church, ect...",
    "Good quality jeans , arrived on time and fit well , would Definayely buy again for my husband.",
    "I absolutely love these pants.  They are lightweight, comfortable, have the perfect amount of room in the seat and thigh, quick drying, and most importantly, they are incredibly tough.  I couldn't be happier with this purchase, and these are my new go-to for work pants.",
    "Very nice!",
    "nice jeans",
    "Holds up well! Nice and cool pants, I don't sweat as much in these as other work pants. Full range of motion. I have very large calves and these pants fit great. I have since ordered two more.",
    "Pants came as expected, but unfortunately we're too small. Need to exchange.",
    "Love the color, love the fit. Some of the best, rugged work jeans ever made!",
    "I can not find these in any local store and there great work pants",
    "Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved them! A lot cheaper too through amazon!!",
    "fit as expected  My husband really liked them",
    "delivered timely and intact",
    "Fits him perfectly with given measurements.",
    "Great pants, tough and durable.",
    "Love these pants",
    "I was worried by some of the reviews that the size would not be correct, not so. Perfect",
    "They were marked 36 W 32 L but they were 36 inseam. Had to have a seamstress cut them off.",
    "perfect fit at great price",
    "Great fit!",
    "I bought these for my son and he loved them",
    "Good durable fabric. Fits perfect.",
    "My husband loves these pants.  Very comfortable fit.",
    "These pants I ordered  fit very well just as they said  loose fit cell phone pocket very soft and comfortable would buy again priced wright.",
    "It is quite difficult to find pants that fit what I would call a normal man, they all seem to be incredibly tight around the thighs and crotch area it's as if man hating women design pants for men these days leaving us real men with no room for our man parts with all of these \"skinny jeans\" NO real men wear skinny jeans. We need a little room.\nWell guys, look no further, I have found the quintessential work pants for the real men that are left with their parts intact.\nVery comfortable in all the important areas, and great for carpenters (of which I am one) hammer holsters, a few pockets for a utility knife or other hand tools and they appear to be tough, time will tell.\nDo yourself a favor and try a pair.",
    "Good fit and great pants",
    "great fit, fast shipping",
    "I have had this brand before but they discontinued the style I liked. These were the closest I could find to my old favorites. These are just perfect for me and my day to day life.",
    "I work in the construction field, and I'm constantly having trouble with jeans tearing, especially now when even good old reliable Levis are thin as paper. I used to wear Silver Tab Levi's, but the cut of the jean is now so messed up I can't fit into them and feel comfortable. So I ordered two pairs of these Carhartts, and I couldn't be happier. Just remember, like others have said, get the waist one size bigger, and the length one size shorter, and they should fit you as expected.",
    "Great",
    "Pants are excellent and fit great",
    "These pants are awesome, very durable. Bought some other colors after wearing them for a day.",
    "Timely delivery, fit better than expected, lighter than dickies but somehow seems tougher",
    "Christmas gift.  Just what I wanted.  Hard to get in the store.",
    "Best work/outdoor pants I have ever wore. Rugged but stylish with plenty of room and pockets",
    "Green jean that fit",
    "I've been wearing these pants for years now...you cant go wrong!",
    "I ordered these for my husband & they are great quality & pricing was as good if not better than the stores.",
    "Very comfortable and sturdy",
    "The fit and feel is fantastic!",
    "bought a couple pairs last year had same problem they run small other than that my son & son in law luv them",
    "Very nice",
    "these are a great pair of Jeans",
    "good work pants for a tinknocker!!  well fitting  and constructed",
    "there is not much to say abt this product bt they are as I expected,love the way they fit I will be ordering more.",
    "Great product, great deal!!!!",
    "The limiting factor on pants is crotch room.  If it ain't there, it ain't gonna work.  These are not absurdly baggy, but they do give just a bit of extra room there so I'm not squeezed.  Very comfy.  The material is a little stiff at first but softens nicely.  Like any cotton pants, the pants length shrinks a good inch or more, but the waist (and crotch length) remains unchanged.  I bought a second pair.",
    "Tough, comfortable and great all around jeans. At this price, you should have a closet full.",
    "Fantastic work wear. Great fit. Delivered on time.",
    "For the last 10 years I have bought all my work clothes from Duluth Trading, sadly each year the prices went up until finally they priced themselves out of my life. I bought these pants from Amazon at a great price, and I will tell you I love them. I have been wearing them 10 hours a day for two weeks, they are the right size and very comfortable for me.",
    "This is my second pair. After reading reviews at first I ordered one inch larger in the waist. Fit well but a little large in waist. This time I ordered my size. The same size I wear in Boss, Levis, and everything else. Fits perfect!\n\nTo those that say these pants are small, I'd took a look at the bathroom scale. Then head to the gym.",
    "These pants fit well. A good price for Carhart pants.",
    "Love these pants perfect amount of pockets for all my things (tools, Cell phone, etc.). Love the color and the durable feel. They are lighter weight then some of my other pairs but I prefer this. I highly recommend these to anyone who wants the great quality products that Carhartt makes.",
    "Great quality.",
    "superb fit in waist and legs. length was just right!",
    "Recommend for men.",
    "Very comfortable",
    "As always a great product been wearing them for about 10 years",
    "Always quality pants with a good fit.",
    "great pants",
    "Soft and comfortable but still a bit too big, going to swap out for a smaller size. If your buying these get your size or smaller",
    "It is hard - so hard - to find pants that hold up well and also look good. You find straight leg this, ugly blue that, skinny jeans, baggy jeans, dad jeans. It's frustrating.\n\nThese pants from Carhartt are not only functional and durable, they're damn good looking. The colors they come in are neutral, but attention grabbing. I've already had a few people ask me where I got my pants from. They go good with pretty much any shoe/shirt combo.\n\nI've got kind of a thing for Carhartt ever since buying the best cold-weather hoodie I've ever owned from them last year, and the fact that these pants are as good as they are has solidified my business with them I think.",
    "Like the way they fit and feel and the color.  The side pocket is good for a cell phone.",
    "Fits perfect, nice sturdy material!!",
    "These pants are very well made. The fit is as expected. I am pleased with this purchase.",
    "Just what I wanted",
    "Pants fit as expected and they are extremely comfortable.  I removed the hammer loops and I love having a small pocket on each side of the pants.  This is one of three pairs of Carhartt pants I have purchased and they are all wonderful.  I wanted to get away form cargo pants and these definitely hit the mark.",
    "Very nice,  amazing price!",
    "Love these pants! I don't wear anything else. If they had more colors I would buy more",
    "I've been looking for a good pair of khaki pants for work. I have finally found them! I teach middle school technology and need a durable pant that can withstand tools, but still look professional. The loose-fit provides plenty of room, but not baggy. I love the small side pocket for my phone without making these pants look like cargo pants. The sizing was spot on for me. At 40 dollars, it's a bit more than I'd like to spend, but I find these are worth it. I like these pants so much, I bought 3 more pair.",
    "Good deal. Couldn't find this color locally for the loose fit.",
    "I love the way these pants fit for me. I have larger than average thighs and butt (thank you powerlifting), so it can sometimes be a challenge to find trousers that fit comfortably. I appreciate that these have the room that I need without my having to buy a bigger waist size and cinch it in with a belt.\n\nThe fabric seems more durable than other brands of demin I have tried, but magically, it is softer than expected. I will certainly buy these again before I buy another pair of Wrangler or Levi.",
    "Great pair of durable pants",
    "These fit better than expected and are very comfortable to work in. The pockets are good. I'm 6'7\" tall and these had plenty of length.",
    "Very good pant",
    "These are my favorite \"office casual\" pants. They look good and are incredibly comfortable.\n\nThey may be a little thinner than jeans, but the fabric seems pretty durable. I now have three colors and can't find anything to complain about.\n\nWife says they make my butt look good, too. Score!",
    "Good",
    "Of course these are great workpants.  They're Carhartt.",
    "Nice color and fits as expected",
    "These quickly became my most comfortable pair of pants. Arrived more quickly than expected, too.",
    "Great pair of pants - - I've been wearing them for years now and they are still well made and comfortable",
    "Gosh, they look good!!!!!!!!!!",
    "hubby loves Carhartt, wears them everyday.",
    "Love these pants.  Can be hot in the summer, but super durable.",
    "My husband loves these pants but they are kind of hard to find. We found all the colors here and the size fits exactly as the ones he bought in  the local store. We purchased the navy blue, and were kind of worried it would be too bright, but it is a true navy blue and looks great. The pants are durable and wear well. They do become softer with repeated washings but do not look worn out. Now that I can find them, I will be buying more for my husband.",
    "Will order more pairs",
    "great quality and feel. I bought the pants a size larger for comfort and with the loose fit they are quite baggy but they are of great quality so its a menial problem",
    "excelente",
    "I have looked or a good place to buy Carhartt jeans in all colors and sizes at a good price with no luck. UNTIL NOW !!! all th colors you want and sizes you need awsome",
    "Favorite work pants of all time.",
    "Good product, good price!",
    "Great pants. Room to move and work pockets are awesome. Comfortable for larger built men",
    "Very comfortable.",
    "Great looking pair of pants! Fit as expected. And even though they are described as loose fit, they are slimmer than the regular fit B151. Great pants for work and casual wear.",
    "Absolutely love these pants. They fit so well and they are really comfortable, light weight and plenty of leg room. They do run 1/2 size smaller in the waist but fit me perfectly, I don't need a belt. Will be buying plenty more of these pants real soon.",
    "good",
    "Length was great. Waste was just a little small but not uncomfortable. I have never ordered my clothing online before  but anymore in order to find my size thats what I have to do. 36\" inseams are not readily available in stores. The pants feel great. Will definitely order again. This time I ordered 5 pairs.",
    "My husband loves these pants. He said they were the most comfortable pants he has ever worn, as a matter of fact- I am going to order another pair of them for him.  They look good for work casual wear.",
    "Great looking and fit. I'm a young guy and still care how I look but wanted a pant that would hold up to repeated punishment. I would rate these as rugged as jeans and a good alternative.",
    "Material is lightweight for summer, but tough. I purchased one pair to check the fit and cloth. Found the pants to be of high quality and comfortable. After two weeks of use I bought two additional pair of the same size and found the fit to be consistent for all three pairs.",
    "All i wear are carhartt pants. I wish they made this canvas carpenter design in more than 3 colors because I have 2 pairs of each. These are the most comfortable pants that I have ever owned. They are breathable and not rough like the typical work pants. This is my favorite color as well.",
    "I bought a khaki pair from a retailer but they didn't have the grey in my size.  These came on time and fit as expected. Good price as well. Bonus, the wife loves them on my as well ;)",
    "These pants are excellent quality and exceptionally well-made.  They are perfect for any occasion, and they are a comfortable fit.",
    "I'm a large 36...and they fit me perfect. I really like them. I haven't worn them to work yet so I cannot give a total review but...plenty of room to move around.\nI still like them although...the fabric on these last 2 pair leaves a lot to be desired...by 11-1-16 I have holes in both knees on both pair.\nI will not buy again (I have ordered 4 pair in the past and it took quite a bit longer to develop holes)\nI will try the double knees 1 time and see it it is better...if not...no more",
    "Lightweight, durable, looks great, has plenty of pockets, and is not too hot when it heats up but provides enough warmth in the winters in southeast Texas.  Will be buying many times over when my other pants are wearing out.",
    "My husband liked these carpenter pants even better than previous ones that he had in denim - excellent weight, fit and quality of material - and excellent service by Elite Hero!",
    "Excellent pants.  Roomy, comfortable.  Seems to be a lighter version of regular types of blue jeans, consequently, not as hot as regular jeans.  I normally take a size 33 waist pants, but this pants was way too tight and for the first time in my life,  I had to order a size 35 waist, which fit me perfectly.  Liked the pants so much,  I ordered another pair.  Perfect for hot hard work conditions.  Moss green hides dirt stains really great also.",
    "Lots of subtle pockets on both hips are what makes these pants nice.  Many of us need those extra pockets for things like, keys, wallet, phone, large pocket knife, mini pocket knife, pistol, etc.  These pants accommodate your EDC every day carry items.  The key word is \"subtle,\" and Carhartt did a great job integrating these pockets in a way that doesn't draw too much attention.",
    "If your looking for a pair of pants that will show off the brand of briefs you are wearing these are not for you. If though you are looking for a proper fitting work pants, here you go. I am a MOW railroader and  need pants that wear well and fit well. theses are the ones. Have been wearing the B159 for years. They say loose fit but seem just right.",
    "With Carhartt you get a quality product. I find that I always get what I pay for and they last a long time. Great for work.",
    "They run small order up one size bigger light weight limited colors and baggy in the hips other than that cathartic",
    "These pants are comfortable, easy to maintain. I like them because they have pockets for my glasses case and a cell phone. They are utilitarian while at the same time are dressy enough for day to day office wear.",
    "The fit is loose but not too baggy.  Very nice color as well. I would recommend it to anyone that doesn't like the heavy fit of jeans.",
    "My husband loved these pants.  He said that they fit him much more comfortable and looser than relaxed fit ones did, that he ended up returning back to amazon.  Colors are good, wear is good...you can work or dress them up if you need to.  A good buy all the way around for my Honey!!  We ordered 4 pairs of the carhartt men's lose fit canvas carpenter pant",
    "Most carhartt pants are too high waisted for my husband, but these fit the bill.  They are a very competitive price on amazon and fit right for the man that doesn't want his pants under his chest.  He likes his pants just under his belly.  He's 50.  We ordered the 32 length which is his usual size and thought they were too long when we got them but after washed, they are a great length and none too short.  Just right.  He's glad carhartt is finally seeing a market for the below waist fit.",
    "For years I've been stuck in limbo where most pants only come in even sizes. This has aggravated me for years because 30x32 is too tight and 32x32 is too loose; but then I happened to see some Carhartt's in an outdoors store. I was surprised to see they make 31x32 so I bought a pair. I was worried they would become too tight after washing, but when washed and dried these fall right within the exact size they specify. These pants are durable, nice looking, nice fitting and last awhile. This is the 3rd pair to my collection because these pants are clearly made to last. You get what you pay for with these. They're not cheap - but neither is the quality. 100% cotton canvas made in the U.S. - I will forever be a Carhartt's kid!",
    "There tailored to fit. I have searched for a while looking for the perfect fit. Thank you for making my pants life better",
    "these pants fit me like a glove. They are the first pants I have ever had that fit so well. I have large thighs and a short waist and the fit is fantastic. I have always loved the extra pockets for my phone and such too.",
    "I have about ten pairs of these pants in different colors and wear them everyday.  As a field service technician I constantly find myself on the floor, under desks, behind equipment, etc.  and my work clothes really take a beating.  These pants have held up really well and show little signs of wear after a year of service (even the color has not faded).\n\nThe only improvement to these pants would be to remove the \"hammer loops\", as they get in the way of the cell phone and utility pockets (or you can just cut them off like I did).  I had never purchased a Carhartt product before these and now that's all I wear!",
    "I'm peeved that these are $10 less than I paid.\nThese are not made in the US now, mine were made in Mexico.\n\nThey seem to be good quality, great loose fit in the crotch, legs and back end. I like the 2 side pockets and loops, my smart phone fits in one and a can of snuf in the other.\nThe seams and stitching looks uniform, my only complaint is one side pocket was to tight for my phone.\nI ordered the navy blue for 2 pairs, mistake there it showed up everything. I\nthought I'd put them in a light bleach wash to dull em out. They came out a duck jean color, I like it better.",
    "These pants will last! The material is thinner than some others so these are great for summer. I will buy more!",
    "My husband has a closet full of these pants. They wear well, wash well, and are very sturdy. They are also just a little nicer than regular jeans.",
    "My husband loves these carhartts for work and casual wear. He is hard on clothes but these are durable and lasting him well.",
    "Waist size is 36 where in jeans I'm 34, FYI.  These pants are perfect for working or casual wear, very comfortable and so far seem very durable!",
    "These were a gift to my nephew.  He says they are his favorite pants now.  I will probably buy him another pair for his Birthday!",
    "I love these pants! I run a pest control company and constantly have to work in crawl spaces and around houses. I have beat the crap out of them many times  and they look better all the time. I now own 3 pairs but my favorite are my oldest( broke in ) pair. They look thin compared to other carhartt's but don't let the thinner feel fool you. They will hold up to whatever damage you put them through and will still look great. I get many compliments on them and plenty of attention from women. I don't see myself going back to jeans  or other pants anytime soon.",
    "Best pants on the market because of their durability  They wear as they say \"like iron\" compared to just regular jeans like lee jeans which rip at the back pockets",
    "Easy to order & quick delivery!\n\nThese are the perfect work pants! Heavy duty and great fit! Multiple colors and sizes to fit all.",
    "I absolutely love these pants!  I wear these, in multiple colors, daily at work and they are perfect for my needs.  They are comfortable, don't shrink in the wash, color doesn't fade and there are enough pockets to keep all your things separate!  Great product!",
    "I bought these pants for my husband who is in construction and they have now become his favorite work pants. He is a Project Manager and when he has to meet with Homeowners these are his dressy construction pants because of the khaki color, cut and fabric weight; but he can still work in them. I think that the pants run a little long/inseam; he normally wears a 34 inseam but I should have ordered him a 32 inseam.",
    "They fit  great . They are the  light weight ones. Next time I need to check the onces and get a heavier one",
    "I have worn the B159 and FRB159 for several years for work.  Very comfortable.  I often wear them to other places other than work.",
    "Carhartt Men's Loose-Fit Canvas Carpenter Pant B159, Charcoal, 38x32, Just like the Carhartt shorts I love with two pockets for my cell phones",
    "My measurements in Wrangler, Wrangler RIGGS, and 'most' other brand pants is 40-42\" Waist, 34\" Inseam (this is for Loose fit clothing).\nFor Carhartt (Loose Fit pants) I ordered one size larger [than Wrangler] based on customer reviews / recommendations (from Amazon, Sierra Trading Post, and Working Person Store) and this hindsight worked perfectly; 42X34 fits great. The pants are SOOOO comfortable and give a very-very good amount of crotch room (you won't be adjusting your underwear / removing weggies every time you sit down / stand-up).\n\n*If you like Wrangler Loose fit products and HATE having inadequate crotch-room I highly recommend these pants, just order one size larger (in the waist) than your normal size. Hope this helps!",
    "Great fit, heavier than regular slacks - just right for my job  -- I move around a lot and bend and stretch - perfect!",
    "They fit great, had other carhartt's before and I am sure these will hold up just as good. Definitely going to buy more like these in the near future.",
    "I've been wearing Carhartt work pants for at least a decade or more. In the past I've experienced extremely high durability in their Dungaree pants with the double layer front legs which are perfect on cold winter work days but, just waaaaaay too HOT in the spring/summer. The single layer Dungaree has worked out fine for those warmer days but, I've just never really been totally satisfied with the cut & feel of these pants even though I wore them years on end not having any better alternative UNTIL... discovering the B159 'Loose Fit' pants. Now wearing them for 2 years+,<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Carhartt-Men-s-Loose-Fit-Canvas-Carpenter-Pant-B159/dp/B002G9U8LE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Carhartt Men's Loose-Fit Canvas Carpenter Pant B159</a>&nbsp;they are my standard. They fit much more comfortably, feel softer, and are always reached for first in my pants pile even if it means searching through the entire stack if it turns out that they are all already in the dirty clothes bin! They do wear out into thin spots or holy knees about a year sooner than the Dungarees but, feel MUCH MORE COMFORTABLE all along the way!!!! On line to buy four more today.",
    "Use for Sat installation and hold up really well to snags or sharp objects. If I had been wearing my Levis I would have had to replace many of times. They do not hold up to well to stains like grease or oils too much A real hard cleaning is needed for that and they do tend to fade some. Other than that I will continue to purchase",
    "They move well and last a long time.  Will certainly buy more in the future.  Good for an everyday pant or work pant.",
    "I was surprised how comfortable these are. The color is the same as the photo, which I am seeing is rare on Amazon clothing. It isn't really a charcoal color as you can see by the photo, but that is fine with me. The \"cell phone pockets\" are kind of useless with any newer phone, but I like the look anyway. They mean flip phones and whatnot, it won't fit an iphone or samsung galaxy. I ordered my normal length with 1 size up waist, and it fits perfectly. My normal waist size would have been too tight. Glad I bought these.",
    "Rugged, stylish, great fit and quick ship. They fit well, might run just a shade long, but not enough that you should order a size down.",
    "My husband has worn these for several years for work.  They look nice and are durable for quite some time.  He works outside and they take a beating.  He does wear them out eventually but that is because he has a job that causes a lot of wear and tear.",
    "I couldn't be happier with these pants. They were exactly what I was looking for. Not too dressy and durable. The size was accurate too.",
    "These pants fit me perfectly.\nI would recommend these to all my friends and family.\nThe price is a great deal also.",
    "Pros:\n-Fit\n-Comfort\n-Color\n-Extra-pockets\n-Carhartt brand\n\nCons:\nNot made in the US. Otherwise no other problems with the product.",
    "I am a forester and work outside in very hot weather. These are the best pants I've ever worn - I own 4 pairs. Carhartts aren't cheap, these are worth it. They are heavy duty, and breath pretty well. They dry pretty fast - if you've ever worked a Louisiana forest in July you know what I'm talking about.\n\nThese are a little baggy so a 30 inch waist hangs a little loose -- plenty of legroom for moving around. I wear them when climbing, but the legs are a little loose for that.",
    "This is my second pair of Carhartt pants and I really like them. You can't go wrong with cotton. These are well made pants and fit comfortably. This is a brand and style that I would buy again.",
    "Durable, comfortable, nice extra pockets.  Great value.  Can't think of any negatives.  I do disagree with what another reviewer said about these pants running small.  My 34x32 pair is perfect.",
    "Nice pants, great fit at my 6'3\" height. My only real concern is even though I got the same model number on several pairs of these some seem to be made of a lighter weight canvas/duck than others. These were a light weight soft but durable pair but the moss pair can almost stand up in the corner on their own. The side leg pockets fit my comically large phone easily. I will keep buying these as long as they keep making them.",
    "The Title says it all, I was wandering how the fit would be by not being able to try them on and it was perfect.",
    "These are a great choice for people who need durable work pants, but want something that is lightweight and breathes.  The mushroom color is also really nice.  I have purchased several pairs of these exact pant, as I work on airplanes and they get put through the wringer with wear and grease.  They hold up and still look good, I love them.",
    "I bought these pants for my boyfriend....he loves them.  I would buy this item again. It is very difficult to find pants thar fit him' but Amazon made it easy!",
    "We previously purchased this product.  My husband likes the comfort fit and the lower side pocket to carry his cell phone. He has used this purchase for the last 3 years.",
    "This is a very high quality product, and by far my favorite pair of jeans.\nI also own a pair of flannel-lined Carhartts, which are great for Winter.",
    "i love the quality of the clothes they wear well and last longer and carhartt is a name everyone can trust",
    "Lightweight yet durable. I prefer these over the other types of pants carhartt makes especially those made of canvas. They hold their own and I love the extra pockets for writing utensils, knives or whatever you need!",
    "This is one of many pairs of Carhartt pans I own and the wear like steel.  The fit is good (for me at least) and they are also comfortable.  I've had some pairs for 2 years and I wear each of them at least once or twice a week.  i wouldn't hesitate to order more the next time I need pants.",
    "My husband needed another pair of work pants for weekend projects. He's always liked Carhartts and I thought I was ordering the model he already had. These carpenter pants are a little lighter than the heavy canvas that he currently wears (my mistake) but are even better for our hot climate. He'll be able to wear them through the summer. Now I need to order another pair or two so they can occasionally be laundered. And as always, Amazon service is first rate.",
    "I bought these for my husband and he loves them.  They have held up great & wash and dry well with no shrinking!",
    "My husband is 6'6\" so finding pants that work can be hard. With the 38x36 loose fit, he really likes them. If it wasn't the loose fit, it wouldn't fit right for his height.",
    "My husband wears a pair of these pants on the work site every day and swears by them. They have a sturdy quality and nice look/fit.",
    "In true Carhart fashion you never know what you are going to get until they actually arrive and you try them on. They were 2\" longer than the tagged size.",
    "Recommendation shop for excellent sales, delivery and articles.\nThank you very much for the good quality of service, keep it up!",
    "I have tried a number of these pants over the past few weeks.  I have been looking for a durable pair of pants to use for work around the house.  But I wanted a pair of pants I could keep on when stepping out for lunch or picking up the kids.  These pants fit well, have great pockets .... just perfect.  I even played a quick game of hockey with my son & fell in the street.  The pants held up great with no rips or tears.  I'm going back to buy more soon.",
    "I swear by Carhartt pants and these do not disappoint.  Perfect combination of durable, comfortable, and functional.  Highly recommend the product and you simply cannot beat the price Amazon offers.",
    "These are good quality pants, have little pockets on each leg (for cellphones, etc.), and come in the size and color as ordered.",
    "I work outside all day and I need pants that don't slip down- obviously. The high waist of these trousers make these the most comfortable fit for me ever. I now have the heavier cotton variety too.",
    "My son requested these pants and loves them!  He will wear the pants until they can't be worn anymore!  You guys are the best!",
    "bought these to replace my ripped ones, not the same model, I ordered the wrong ones, but these worked out well, light weight but still warm.",
    "just as advertised, comfortable, durable, fit perfect. great for carpentry and working on all home projects and i also use them when i paint.",
    "36\" waist was right on.  Maybe 1/2\" smaller than some others at the start of the day.\n\nWaist sits a little higher than I wanted, jams into stomach when you sit down a little, but since they're they only decent colored pants out there, I'm buying some more.  Fit looks good, even at the end of the day, compared to most jeans.  Very comfy, fits good but can still move around.",
    "Because of other's reviews of this product I had some difficulty choosing the right size. Some reviewers said that they needed to order several sizes larger in order to get the right fit so I initially ordered a size 35x32. I'm a tall, skinny guy and I typically wear pants with a size 32 or 33 waist. 35 turned out to be about three inches too large so I exchanged them for a size 33, which fits comfortably, but definitely requires a belt. I think a size 32 would have fit perfectly. The exchange process was quick and simple and the new size arrived faster than my initial order. I would recommend that other customers buying these pants order the size they usually wear and make an exchange if those don't fit. As of writing this review, I have only worn these pants long enough to determine the size and fit. I may write an update later with my experience of their quality, especially if it turns out to be lacking.\n\nEDIT: 12/13/13, They continue to be excellent. Keep in mind that if using these for work darker colors will be less prone to stains and dirt, however, even Carhartts in lighter colors clean up well.",
    "I really do like these jeans (Pants really)\nThey fit perfect and the leg pocket is the perfect size for my Blackberry.\nFor the money you cant go wrong.",
    "I'll start by saying that the sizing is def. different than other brands. I was hesitant to purchase these online after reading the reviews about the sizing problems. I decided to buy them anyways and was prepared to exchange them if they didn't fit. I normally wear a 34/32 but ordered a pair of these in 38/32. When I receieved them and tried them on they were a little big in the waste but nothing a belt wouldn't fix. After washing and drying them they did shrink a little bit. I have to say that these are the most comfortable work pants I have worn. When they say loose fit they really mean it. They are very roomy but not to the point where they are baggy. They also have a few handy pockets for a utility knife/screwdriver or even a cell phone. I just placed an order for 4 more pairs in various colors so I have a pair for each day of the work week. The only problem I have noticed is that they seem to come out of the drier very wrinkled but it is not a big deal. Overall I would reccomend these pants.",
    "Carhartt jeans are high quality, and the loose-fit Carpenter model is a very good all-round choice. They are durable enough to wear while performing manual labour, and elegant enough to use at a formal occation.",
    "Good work pants.  Pretty durable and comfortable. This is my third pair.  I wish Carhart would make a version of these pants with more durable knee patches, like out of ballistic nylon, thin removable knee foam pads would be great too.",
    "I wear these almost everyday of the year in Alaska. I do a moderate amount of outdoor labor. They'll last about a year. Wear them every other day, they'll last two years. Worth it.",
    "Comfortable and good looking.",
    "Fits great. Getting compliments at work!",
    "Jusr what we hoped for. color, fit, weight are perfect.",
    "as expected",
    "Washed well. Comfortable fit",
    "Very satisfied with product purchased.",
    "These are great pants for work or casual wear. I would order up one size if you are on the fence as to what to choose.",
    "Perfect in every way.  Quality - fit - shipping.",
    "Great pair of pants.",
    "The relaxed fit allows for extra room so order true to size or smaller as they don't shrink a whole lot.",
    "These pants fit perfectly. You choose your size and they come exactly the size you want them to be.",
    "Been wearing these jeans over a year now, so I can say they really last through countless wearings and washings. Comfortable, no loose threads, tough, and lots of pocket space. Will definitely buy again.",
    "Fit great, look great, feel great. I bought a couple other pairs and work with for my needs. Material is tough flr outdoor use but on pair got snagged on a corner and ripped a small whole quite easily but hasn't ripped further and still holding together quite well.",
    "Fits great, looks good. Handy pockets.",
    "Perfect pants! Will be buying more for sure.",
    "These are great general purpose pants that I don't have to worry about abusing that I wear at work. I have another pair just like it that I use for home improvement projects. Light weight, comfortable, and according to my wife, easy on her eyes...",
    "The pants are great. I work in them daily and they hold up really good.",
    "They're a little baggy but I'm going to wash them a couple of times then review again.",
    "Like the way they fit",
    "Great Jeans",
    "Nice. Go Carhartt",
    "Great pants!",
    "Great jeans. Very durable.",
    "quality as expected..",
    "This is my second pair and I will be getting more. These are very comfortable and fit great. I have bigger athletic legs and they fit just fine.",
    "Nice work pants, medium weight, waist I little tight when first on but loosen to a perfect fit, waist also a little higher which is nice, length slightly long but acceptable, comfortable fit throughout the legs and seat.  Bought two pair of different colors both fit exactly the same.  Heavy duty seams, pants appear to be holding up well in my world of construction. Best all-around work pants for me currently, will buy again.",
    "Been a carhartt person for many years.  Love them",
    "Quality trousers.",
    "gave as a gift.  Apparently fits well as we haven't heard!",
    "Great fit, Good quality",
    "Other than being too small",
    "Love the way they fit and look on my husband.",
    "These are my go-to pants for work. They present a nice product to wear in the office and also in the field for the construction industry. They are very comfortable and hold for decent for the amount of wear and tear I put them through. I continue to buy different color options.",
    "Hubby loves this brand because it comes in a 35 waist.",
    "Summer pants! Thin (but durable) material. I got these for hubby for winter work pants. Nope! I am saving them for spring/summer. Thermals would be uncomfortable underneath as well. They fit nice and he looks pretty sexy in em, too!",
    "Great fit!",
    "Husband who is a town worker loves them. They've been worn so much, you can't even see the original color in them, but not a single tare",
    "Product was dad described and was exactly what I was expecting.",
    "I have to wear khaki colored pants as part of my uniform for a construction company. As a big man, (61 & 275) Ive struggled to find pants that fit well. These have plenty of room the legs and thighs, seek to be pretty durable, and they come out of the dryer with no need to iron. These are now my go to work pants and I plan on ordering more next pay day.",
    "Very high quality and super comfortable to work in for hours. Durable and well designed pockets for the tradesman...",
    "Always the best.",
    "Should have ordered a size up! Was a little tight!",
    "Love these pants!  Bought two more pair. :)",
    "My husband really likes the fit of these pants and the fact that they are not as heavy as the regular ones.  I think they wear out a little faster,but not enough to complain about.",
    "Very nice fit.  Comfortable,  rugged, durable.  Love these pants.",
    "I have to wear these for work. Pretty durable, very comfy and the side pockets are sized just right. I usually get a year of use from a pair of these. Only complaint=very rare to find these on sale",
    "Had a pair of these that were at least 4 years old with holes and couldn't find a better brand so ordered these. Got the new pair today and fit perfect! Would definitely order again!! Thanks",
    "Comfortable, well made and looks to be tough and long wearing. Useful number of pockets. Nice color.",
    "The fit is just right ,and the cell phone pocket is a good size. I will oder more",
    "My husband LOVES these Carhartts.  They last and last and last.\nI usually buy him some of these pants, albeit in different colors, every year for his birthday and Christmas.",
    "Really like these for casual wear. Fit as expected and not too tight through the seat and the legs",
    "Great pants",
    "The fit is perfect.  Husband loves his new pants.  Will order more.",
    "Super comfortable work pants with a good amount of pockets.",
    "Great fit!",
    "Very durable and look great. I work in construction and they hold up and fit very nice. A little tight at waist because I ordered a size smaller than needed.",
    "Great quality and fast!",
    "As with most Carhartt men's clothing, you have to be careful on sizing and these pants are no different. If you normally wear a 32, you will have to go with a 33. 32 will be too small, and 34 too big! Other than that, Great pair of work pants.",
    "I bought these for work in an industrial setting. Nice loose fit let's me move easily. Grey color is good for hiding stains.",
    "Fits great. Got another pair for work.",
    "Excellent pants",
    "Durable and comfy work pants. Fit as expected.",
    "my husband won't wear anything else. They last a long long time before they are wore out.",
    "These are a little lighter weight than the original carhartt- so they are great for warmer weather but still the durable rugged material.",
    "I love these, but THEY DO SHRINK considerably lengthwise, so order them long:\n\nI had three pairs of these that fit perfectly when I first got them, but after several months I noticed my ankles were drafty.  I got out the measuring tape and my nominally 30\" inseams (which started out closer to 31\") now measured just 28\".  This happened to all 3 pairs after maybe 15 laundry cycles.  I wash and dry them in compliance with the laundry label, and they do just fine, but they apparently come out just a tiny bit shorter each time.  (I have not noticed any shrinking of the waistband; they only seem to shrink noticeably in length, thankfully...)\n\nThey're very comfortable pants, with sufficient room in the crotch and thighs to let you sit and crouch and move around without restriction, so I ordered three more pairs in the same exact colors---but this time with a 32\" inseam.  I measured the inseams when I received them, and found them all to be a little under 33 inches in reality.  I then washed them, and this time I intentionally dried them in a hot drier to speed up the shrinking process.  Sure enough they are all already a full 1\" shorter, at around 32\" now.\n\nI expect these 3 new pairs to continue to shrink over the next six months in the normal laundry cycle until they are about 3\" shorter than they started, which is 30\" and perfect on me.  (That's 3\" total shrinkage from the 32\" inseam, which when measured was actually 33\" to start with.)\n\nSo do buy these pants---you'll love them---but buy them 2\" longer than you usually wear.  Then just give them time (or a few hot dryer cycles), and they will shrink to your perfect length.",
    "Wonderful fit.",
    "Best pants around for a tall skinny guy. Ones of the few brands that has a variety of sizes for people over 64.",
    "Bought for my husband and is exactly what we expected!",
    "good material, durable feeling.",
    "Love these pants",
    "Great pants, just a bit long,",
    "I bought these for my father in law and he loves them bop",
    "Great product. Fits exactly. Rugged material.",
    "Love these pants. More $ than what I usually wear but I wanna buy a shi$ton of them. So comfortable and pockets are good size. Side pocket fits can of grizzly perfectly. Cheaper and better than the bro brand Duluth trading.",
    "Comfortable work pants",
    "Very nice men's work pants and so much cheaper to purchase here on Amazon then at the local Tacoma work wear Store but I highly recommend if you wear a size 40 then get 1 size bigger because even though it's a really nice pair of pants it runs small and unfortunately I'm having to send back mine and having a place a reorder of the correct size so it's unfortunate because it's a inconvenience but as we all know it's simple to letting Amazon know the status and issues and getting a refund and then having to Place another order for the exact same pants just a size bigger.",
    "I love these pants. Very sturdy and not too heavy for California weather.",
    "They are awesome. They fit great. Durable and light weight. I love them",
    "If you need loose pants then these are for you.",
    "Very comfortable, room in the legs to move, lighter",
    "The right fit for the job. Somewhat thinner than other duck pants but very good quality. Comfortable to walk around in.",
    "Great stuff...",
    "These pants fit as expected",
    "Fits great",
    "Very satisfied with the product!",
    "Fits as expected",
    "just right fit and great brand, always a good buy with carhartt",
    "They don't make my butt look big",
    "Baggy like the 90's jeans.  will buy again!",
    "Husband loves them and there holding up nicley?",
    "Its Carhartt, Quality work pants that lasts for years.",
    "Love these Carhartts. This is my favorite material. Not too stiff. And the pockets are great for your cell phone etc. I wear a pair to work everyday. I buy 3 pairs every year and toss them out when they're done. Perfect for hard working guys.",
    "Really nice pants. Fit just right.",
    "Great work pants, wear them every day while working in tough conditions. Couldnt ask for a better pant.",
    "I have the same pants in Tan too.",
    "We live in Las Vegas, my husband prefers these over all other work pants.  To keep him cooler in the desert heat.",
    "My husband liked these so much that he bought more! Great product!",
    "Perfect fit. My go to work pant.",
    "My husband loves them for work.",
    "Best Pants great price!!",
    "Great fit",
    "Love these pants, I'm a big guy, 6' 1\" 290lbs and these have lasted me a year so far and construction is not easy on clothing",
    "Bought for my son and he loves the comfort and fit of pants.",
    "Setting a goal to fit into.",
    "Nice fit",
    "My hubby likes this. He is very comfortable working in a construction doing the squatting, bending, and stuff. I didn't regret I bought this as a gift for him.",
    "I have seven pair now and they're a great fit and feel.",
    "I use for work and it is very comfortable.  I will continue to purchase the Carhartt brand for work attire.",
    "Everything as expected",
    "I bought these for my husband and he loves them for work...he is a welder.",
    "...and reasonably stylish.  Fit is pretty much like a normal pair of pants in the waist/hip/thigh.  By my estimation the \"loose fit\" part is the legs which are very roomy starting at the thigh through the bottom of the pant leg (this aspect of the pants doesn't seem obvious in the product pictures).  Anyway makes the legs kind of breezy/comfortable plus plenty of room for work boots but they also look fine with just regular shoes.",
    "I love the beige it is perfect the fit is perfect couldn't ask for a better pair of jeans then this.",
    "These work pants are not only super comfortable, but they are also durable, & light\nWeight. I'm a union Electrician, & they are my regular wear! ",
    "Great fit , very comfortable",
    "Great pair of summer work pants light but strong enough for the job.",
    "I love these trousers -- very comfortable fit.  I have already bought a second pair.",
    "Bought for light work pants, they are not as heavy as original Carhart material. Perfect for light work, may not hold up well if you have to crawl around or have a tendency to wear jeans out quickly.",
    "Great price. Saved $10 per pair versus local store. The paints do run a little small so it would be smart to buy one size up in waste size .",
    "Great pant for casual dress work and play. The hammer handle is fairly understated so they look nice and wear well.",
    "can't really blame the sizing. i ordered the same size as a previous identical pair that I've had for years. thought i might need a little more room in the waist being that these are work pants. also I'm pretty sure that I'm a little bigger than when i ordered the last pair. ordered the next size and everything is good, great to work in in warmer weather.",
    "I bought 4 different pairs of these pants in different colors. Carhartt pants tend to run a bit small in the waist so I would recommend getting one size up. I wear a 34 waist but got these in a 36 waist and they fit perfectly! The length is perfect. Great work pants!",
    "Ordered wrong size",
    "They fit well and are the quality I always expect fro Carhartt",
    "Look good, fit well and they're comfortable. Very durable",
    "Prefer them to Levi's.",
    "Carhartt",
    "Well made",
    "I use these for work. They fit great and are a good balance between comfort and durability.",
    "Fit perfect, great color, know they'll last long.",
    "Great work pants.  Fits as expected.",
    "Great quality, fits as expected.",
    "He loves them",
    "I'm 6'3\" and about 160 lbs.  The 33x36 are perfect.  The material is great, too - a lightweight canvas.  It will hold some wrinkles from the laundry spin cycle, but I just fold them carefully and they're fine.  The right-hand utility pocket is big enough for my cell phone + case, which is 6.4x3.5x0.6 inches.",
    "Great pants, I have purchased these before from a local work-wear shop. HOWEVER, since the last time I bought a pair, Carhartt has changed their sizing. Old, beater pair of 38's still fit fine, new 38's were snug until washed, too tight after. Returning the 38's (Amazon's return process is incredible), and re-ordering 40's. There's a blow to the old self-esteem, but the pants are too good to let ego stand in the way. Cell phone pocket holds a Note 4 easily, other pockets very comfortably sized, and fairly wrinkle resistant.",
    "Always been a diehard carhartt fan.",
    "Fits me nicely, offers great range of motion, durable, comfortable as far as work pants go, and still presentable when not dirty. What else could you ask for in a pair of work pants?",
    "Very happy with my pants, I've been wearing carharts for 10 years, they beat Levi's hands down",
    "I'm a diabetic that takes insulin shots in the thigh so I've been searching for a reasonable pair of pants that I can pull up fairly high for taking injections in public. Taking a shot in a standard pair of jeans is an absolute pain in the ass so these things make my life much easier. Plus they give my balls some room too so they're not constantly being squished. I returned and bought 3 more pairs. Normally I wear 34x34 so after reading the sizing comments I went with 36x34 and they fit perfectly!!!",
    "great pants, fit well and high quality.  I will buy these again for sure.",
    "Best pants ever & highly recommend!!",
    "Good price for good work pants",
    "Going to order mo re",
    "First pair came defective. Second replacement pair are great. Very easy return process.",
    "These were for my son who wears a 32x34 He said these were tight in the waist, and is hoping that these will loosen up with wear. The material is heavy duty, but light for summertime in Florida comfort. Also these pants look dressier than jeans, the color is much fuller than the pix show, real deep color. Very nice, I hope that these will get looser over time. the rest of the fit looks sharp. These wear like iron, I have gotten this pant for years. The more you wash em the better they look and fit. I would recommend keeping the packaging and getting a size up as there has been a rash of too small Carharrt items lately, and with that said it is still worth the trouble to get ahold of these canvas slacks.\n5 Stars A++ RECOMMENDED\nVOTE thumbs UP IF YOU FOUND THIS HELPFUL",
    "good work pants or casual wear if you want to look like a stud",
    "My husband loves these for summer time working! Jeans are too hit for him but he says these are great!",
    "I have a hard time finding pants with the correct combination of fit in the waist and room in the thigh. These fit me just right. I own several pair and they hold up well. I have a difficult time finding them in stores, so Amazon and done.",
    "Just a little long.  Other than that ,  perfect.",
    "Carhartt is the best in class",
    "Fit just like I wanted. Love these with the cell phone pocket and hammer loop. I don't need the tool bag as much with these pants. Built tuff, I have a hard time wearing them out. I just wish they were a little cheaper but in this case you do seem to get what you paid for.",
    "Fast delivery. Got these for my husband to wear at work. Great product.",
    "Great pants, we will see how durable they are in the future.",
    "Great",
    "I'm a big fan of these pants. I have several pairs and the origin of manufacturing of the last few pairs was Mexico. The two best things about these is the fit and the cell phone pocket which is below the normal pocket a fair distance away from your gonads.",
    "Husband is a logger. This is the only pants he will wear to work! He gets extremely dirty and works in the woods everyday. Pants hold up wash after wash! Great for men who have heavy duty jobs!",
    "Been wearing them for the last 5 years. I'm a maintenance supervisor and they wear well, takes punishment and in the wash and they come out good as new.",
    "husband's favorite pants - ordering more",
    "Great product as always",
    "Hi!! I'm Stephanie and work for Doug, a plumber.  I found this style of work pants for him and ordered them many years ago and now he won't wear anything else but these!! Nothing even comes close to them.  He's very hard to please and when he said that he loved these...it really made my day! :) Everything about them...he loves but the pockets are the real deal for him!  He loves the way that they curve! So over the years, I've continued to purchase these pants for him along with the same style shorts with the same pockets.  It really breaks my heart that the shorts are no longer available to get.  He worries that he won't be able to get the pants one day as well... so please keep on selling them.  If anyone knows where I can get the Carhartt Men's Canvas Utility Shorts....please let me know!! I've searched the whole internet and still have not been able to locate any of them anywhere :(!! My boss is very upset about that too! I've even called Carhartt head quarters trying to see if they would just make him several years supplies for him but they could not do it! :( I pray that these pants will stay in stock and not be unavailable because my boss will not be a happy man and neither will I because I will have to listen to him complaining everyday about his work pants like he is already complaining about not being able to get the shorts anymore because they are not making them anymore!  Thanks for 2 great items and hopefully those shorts will be made available to purchase again very soon so that I can be happy and my boss can be too! :)  Thanks and have a great day! :) By the way....We both give this product a 5 STAR!!!! *****",
    "the best, in spite of the price. my daily work pant for almost a year......  3-5 days a week.... fully loaded pockets, all stitching has remained intact.",
    "Awesome jeans will buy again",
    "Love it!",
    "Man I love these pants. I highly recommend ditching the blue jeans for work and getting these.\nI will be sure to update this as the months past if they become defective or unusable in anyway.  If this review has helped in anyway please hit the helpful button. Thank you.",
    "Would take these canvas pants any day over jeans! Way more comfortable, easier to move around in, more breathable, and they last longer! As with all Carhartt pants they fit a little slim compared to other brand pants.",
    "he loves them",
    "The fit is just right for me.  I will buy another pair when I need them.",
    "Fits perfect better then I thought",
    "A little big at first but once washed they fit exactly like another pair of carhartt pants i have",
    "Best work pants ever!",
    "I like these pants for working in the yard or working on the truck. I ordered a 36\" length because I am 6'5\" tall but they are about 2 inches too long. Either I am getting shorter or they are making pants longer. These pants are very comfortable and would recommend to others. I am going to buy another pair but will order a 34\" inseam instead of 36\"",
    "these pants are comfortable and durable. Great for warm weather working.",
    "Love these so far. Fit great, lots of useful pockets, very comfortable. Hammer loops on both sides for us lefties. I'll report back in a few weeks to see how the knee area is holding up. That's usually the first to go on my work pants.",
    "I love these pants they last forever!!!",
    "Perfect fit",
    "My husband loves these for work. Fits great",
    "Just what I hoped for...and lots of pockets! !!  Ordering another pair",
    "Very comfortable work pants with quality stitching and deep pockets.  Are a great pant for the summer since they are a thinner, cooler material than regular blue jeans.  Also the lighter color material doesn't get as hot in the sun and makes it easier to find crawling ticks.",
    "I'm 6'3\" 200#. They fit perfect",
    "Very comfortable and light weight.  Lighter than B11's.  Good quality and durable.  My go to casual slacks",
    "Great work pants.  Phone with protective case fits in deep pocket nicely. Washes  well.",
    "Fit better than my levi's or wranglers and the material is great. Gonna be a great work pant. Yes Sir.",
    "Good work pants. They last long and don't get torn easily",
    "Great pants to brew beer in. Not as tough as the double front variety but not as expensive.",
    "Just what we were looking for. Perfect",
    "These are amazing!  Bought for my son and he instantly had a smile on his face when he put these on.  Very comfy!!",
    "Good fit.",
    "This is about the 10th pair I have bought for my husband, no complaints.",
    "The best feature of these pants is the ability to put an iPhone 7 Plus in the lower right side pocket. I wish more manufacturers would make pants like these.",
    "good quality",
    "Great work pants",
    "Great pants, comfortable and looks great.",
    "My boyfriend is very athletically built and has a hard time finding pants that aren't too tight in the thighs and too big in the waist. These work great and look good.",
    "I've gotten these pants in the past, and my work is pretty rough on clothes. Definitely worth the extra money over other work pants, or just an old pair of jeans",
    "Bought these for my husband and they fit perfect.",
    "Nice, durable. Quick delivery.",
    "A great pair of pants!",
    "Great pants!",
    "love these pants! perfect sized pockets in perfect locations. I conceal carry and I found the pockets are excellent for extra magazines/knives/multi-tool. super comfortable and durable. They feel stiff when you first get them but, like denim, wear in nice and provide comfort and toughness",
    "carhart quality as usuall.u can find cheap immitations but that's what they are cheap.i am a welder and no other pants hold up like these.",
    "Perfect for my son who is 6'5.  They fit perfectly and wear very well.  He wears them for work on the farm.",
    "Awesome fit and super comfortable. Hands down the best pair of work pants you will ever own.",
    "I really like these pants. Fit loose and hokd around the waist nice. Good Durability.",
    "very well made nice fit",
    "Comfortable, durable nice looking work pants. Fit is true to size and very comfortable.",
    "Perfect fit and great quality as always.",
    "Carhartt sizes seem a bit on the smaller size. Tough to find the in-between perfect fit. I do like them though. Try them out.",
    "my favorite work pants",
    "He loved them! Will be ordering more!!!",
    "These fit as expected, I like them, I like the pocket for the phone another for the wallet another for the knife, etc",
    "Glad they fit perfect and didn't have to send them back.",
    "Good pants not as thick material as the older ones but still good.",
    "I bought these for my husband. This is the second pair I bought him. They are great for work on hot days.",
    "I knew what size I needed already so the fit is perfect!",
    "Great work pants, well made with good weight fabric. All the pockets you need.",
    "Great product,",
    "Love these pants:)",
    "These are the only pants I wear anymore.",
    "These are the best fitting work/casual pants. I'm tall and thin/athletic and it's hard to find a pant that isn't too baggy or tight and that's the right leg length. I like them so much I bought another exact pair.",
    "love them",
    "Best work pant I've ever owned!  Comfortable and durable!",
    "Good pants, hate there not made in the USA anymore.",
    "Awesome work pants. Very durable but looks sharp and professional.",
    "Exactly what I wanted in two days!",
    "love the pants. construction and build are of quality, but the waist is a bit on the tight size. i will probably only be able to wear for a year.",
    "I wasn't sure how I'd like the navy color, but I like it a lot",
    "Fast shipping, and great product!",
    "Love them",
    "fantastic pants.  love the cell phone pocket and durable fabric.  wears well",
    "Very comfortable. Fit as expected.",
    "fits just right!",
    "husband loves them.",
    "These look nice enough for a casual day at the office but are rugged enough for camping, yard work, etc. As comfortable as an old pair of jeans. Big fan of the side phone pocket. My iPhone 7 fits perfectly. I wear a hard to find size (33W x 36L) and these guys make it very easy to find my size in whatever style I'm looking for.",
    "Great pants, use them a lot working in the garage.  Cell phone in one side pocket and pliers,or knife, or some other tool in the other.  Hold up great, this is my 2nd pair, still using the first pair... just needed another for when they are in the wash.",
    "Great pants",
    "Will buy again",
    "Great work jeans.",
    "Tears  easy. Won't last thru the season",
    "fits exactly the way I thought they would.  Good quality clothing",
    "Have several pair. All are very comfortable and fit well. Lighter weight than some of the other series.",
    "FAST SHIP, GREAT GIFT",
    "Great pants",
    "Okay so I originally bought these in a 32 30 and they were too short, so then I returned and bought a 32 32 and they were too long. I think Carhartt has weird sizing so it may take a few tries to find what fits you right, but its great quality and worth the money.",
    "These are the only pants my son has worn for a couple of years.  They are a heavy weight, but not as stiff and heavy as some of the other Carhartt pants.  He is picky and he thinks they are very comfortable.",
    "Great pant love the color fit perfect  shipping fast",
    "Perfect for my husband",
    "Perfect fit  and material.",
    "Love them!!!",
    "These were a Christmas Gift and he really likes them. He says they are very comfortable.",
    "My husband loves them",
    "Very well made!",
    "Handy product, gives a great place for a cell phone. Comfortable and acceptable for daily business casual wear.",
    "He loved the fit.  Very comfortable material.",
    "My husband loves these. Great quality",
    "Great pants. Soft AND COMPTORABLE",
    "Need size 38/32 for both pair\n\nhttps://www.amazon.com/dp/B001KOE4MU/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1<a data-hook=\"product-link-linked\" class=\"a-link-normal\" href=\"/Carhartt-Men-s-Loose-Fit-Canvas-Carpenter-Five-Pocket-B159-Darkmoss-36-x-32/dp/B001KOE4MU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8\">Carhartt Men's Loose Fit Canvas Carpenter Five Pocket B159,Darkmoss,36 x 32</a>",
    "Great color, fit and style for work.",
    "Fit great. Look great.",
    "Sent to my son in the AF in ND.  Came in in time and fit perfectly.  Heavy material and rugged.",
    "Fits well, good pockets. I'm a commercial electrician and since buying my first pair a couple years ago, there has been no reason to try other work pants.",
    "Great pants and live up to the brand name well",
    "The first pair were a little big in the waist. This pair fits perfectly!",
    "So far so good",
    "Great pants.  Durable, look good, super comfortable, big pockets!!",
    "Perfect fit. Perfect length.",
    "Perfect weight, comfortable and durable.",
    "Solid product, good service, thank you.",
    "All good!",
    "EXCELLS.",
    "excellent quality durable and better than the rest",
    "This cut is for below the wais by design by Carhartt - and as such they fit as expected. Nice loose fit on the legs.\n\nDo remember to check Carhartt's guides as the \"Regular\", \"Relaxed\", \"Loose\" aren't just the diameter - they affect where the belt sits. Above, at, or below the natural waist.\n\nWith a few more chest pounds than I'd like I need the belt just below the natural waist . This \"Loose Fit\" is designed to sit right there.",
    "Perfect fit great work pockets",
    "I love Carhartt pants on my husband! They fit better than any other brand he has worn. Great quality! Highly recommend!",
    "Soft and comfortable.  Will purchase again",
    "The best work pants I've got! Worth the money for sure! Better than dickies for sure!",
    "I bought these for my son  for his work and  had them sent directly to him.  He said they wash nicely and are very sturdy ...fit was pervect..",
    "They seem to be well made. Will buy another pair.  They seem to run small. I take a 34-35 bought a 34 and returned them and got 36 waist.",
    "Great",
    "Purchased these pants to replace a worn out pair of carhartt pants that were my husband' s favorite work pants. He was very happy with the fit- true to size. Will be ordering more of these. Satisfied customer.",
    "Cool",
    "Excellent fit. Love the fabric. It's a great everyday pant. If I worked outside everyday in the summer, I'd go with these. If I needed something to work in colder weather, I'd look for something a little thicker.",
    "Nice pants, easy through the thigh, multiple hammer loops, cell phone pocket.",
    "Love these pants",
    "Just what I  wanted!",
    "always wrinkled after drying, but they are just work pants so I don't care",
    "Great",
    "Pants fit great and look even better, expected to last a long time",
    "I love the style but the waste is too small.",
    "love these pants they are now the only ones i rock at work, play, and the occasional riot only kidding cause i'm working for a living WORKIN",
    "GREAT pants!  Carhartt makes a great pair of pants.  Wear like iron, pockets everywhere I need them.",
    "Perfect!",
    "The comfort of these pants is perfect and the size was spot on. The material seems soft but durable, and the color is pretty much what I expected. These are for work and I can see these lasting for a few years easy.",
    "These pants are the only pants I wear to work, they take a beating!",
    "Looks & fits good",
    "My favorite work pants, been wearing these for years. The quality and fit keep being great and the pockets are used on a daily basis!",
    "Fit as expected-perfect for work!",
    "They're great",
    "My favorite style and fit of pants",
    "Perfect!",
    "Great pants!",
    "Good product",
    "Great pants! Could wear these everyday.",
    "Not many pants work for me in the field I'm in, either don't fit right or they're too uncomfortable. Until I found these. Fit great, feel great, I'm happy!",
    "Nice and cool good fit",
    "great , no more levis",
    "Good pants",
    "My hubby loves them!",
    "For my son only complaint I have heard is that when he is out in the woods the briars go right through the fabric.",
    "Great looking pants, good buy for the price.",
    "As expected....Great looks and feel. Carhartt has always done well with my purchases and this is no exception. I'm hard on work pants and these hold as well or better than most.",
    "Awesome",
    "Great pair of pants. Phone pocket is big enough to fit a large smart phone in a case. I am buying more in the near future.",
    "Sizing is perfect, love the dual hammer loops, very roomy fit and light weight but seems like they will hold up....also very cool leg pockets. These are great pants..... Also reasonably priced.... Great job Carhartt!\nAlso want to note I'm glad they are not a very heavy weight fabric...\nWho wants to walk around sweating all day??",
    "Durable for my husband work",
    "Yes satisfied with all my purchases.",
    "great pants; normal styling; sturdy fabric; nice color; good value",
    "Comfortable and lightweight.",
    "love these pants. i am a female and wear a women's size 6, i buy a size 30x32 in these and they fit great. wash and dry in the dryer well, no shrinking.",
    "Great pants. Very light and durable too.",
    "These pants are great work pants.",
    "Very pricey for work pants but they do last. So you get what you pay for.",
    "Had to return the first pair as they were a bit snug.  Not sure if they run a little smaller than other brands loose fit?  But they are high quality work pants.  Very happy with the purchase and the return process was a breeze.",
    "I wear a 36 in most pants but this time I went with a 38 waist and Love them. Very comfortable....",
    "I own a pair in every color. I wear every day to work. I have several that are 7 years old,they take a beating and come back for more, I'm in the concrete business and nothing comes close.",
    "Fit great.",
    "Quality perfect very baggy though.  Still 5 stars for my mistake.",
    "This pants are excellent. They feel strong, yet not so stiff. Can't wait to work in them this fall!",
    "Really like these pants.  While new, I will dress them up a bit. Later I will work outside in them.  38 x 36 fits as it should on me.",
    "My husband has been wearing these for years, he won't work (farmer) in jeans anymore. They are very comfortable.",
    "Might as well call these pants bullet proof. Rugged, durable, and sexy as hell while doing mainly shit around the house. Owned a couple pairs like this that I still wear today,  and those pairs have to be over 10 years old. Those carharts still haven't faded, torn, or shrunk.\n\nSolid purchase and will continue to buy.\n\nPlease send me some more ;)",
    "Great pants. My husband finds these much more comfy than jeans. He likes all the pockets; they're symmetrical pockets, so if he's carrying, say, small heavy tools, the weight can be balanced, and he claims that the pocket (and fabric loop) placement prevents stuff falling out. He wears these with Hold-Ups suspenders.",
    "good work pants.",
    "Wow. My legs are big for my waist size. I need pants with a loose fit to be comfortable. These are perfect. I washed them cold and did not notice any shrinkage. Material is strong yet light. I will be buying a couple more pairs. Love 'em.",
    "Love these pants. Last pair I had lasted me years so had to buy more. Would recommend them to anyone else that I's looking for work pants that breath and last years. Worth the price!",
    "Great pants. Get one size larger.",
    "Awesome work pants! Most comfortable I've ever used! Never wearing jeans to work again you can feel the weight difference at the end of the day! And my wife says it looks great on me!",
    "Nice thick fabric!",
    "They are awesome all the way around.",
    "Worth every penny.",
    "Great quality pants that look and feel wonderful.  Has a pocket on the outer thigh that fits my cased phone perfectly. Shrunk only slightly with the first wash.",
    "Great fit.",
    "High quality, durable work pants. My son works with masonry/stone/brick/block. These withstand a lot of abuse.",
    "They may say Men's but I'm a relatively average size woman and they have been perfect for me. Great yard work pants with all sorts of pockets for the tools I need.",
    "Ordered these for construction and wood working. Very comfortable and they don't hug your legs/thigh such as jeans do when you sweat. If you work outdoors these are perfect for you.",
    "Nice Pants\nFit is better (not as baggy as regular fit)",
    "The fit is comfortable & fast shipment",
    "Very comfortable and durable work pants.  Well priced.",
    "great!",
    "These pants can take some serious abuse! After 50 washes they still look and perform well.",
    "These jeans are truly superior compared to other big names.",
    "Yep pants that fit",
    "Great pants were someone long at ankles tight at waist but I ordered a size up on the waist like reviews recommended  and it worked well for us .",
    "Yes",
    "I like them, they are longer than the last pair of Carhartt's I purchased, so that is good as I'm 6'6\" and really need a 37\" inseam which nobody makes.  But all my other 38\" waist pants are a little looser than these.  I'm hoping they will loosen up after a few wears.  They aren't too heavy, they're ok for summer wear.",
    "I LOVE these. I recently got a tear that would have ripped my jeans apart, but months later the fear is still tiny, and completely wearable. Love these",
    "Great pants. Durable. Still wearing them after a year.",
    "very nice fit , very comfortable",
    "Perfect fit, perfect fabric weight. These are a favorite in the shop. Durable and comfortable. Will purchase more.",
    "Love these pants. Pockets are in the right spots. Pants fit great",
    "great light work pants for summer",
    "Very nice quality.",
    "Husband loves these pants.",
    "Good everyday working pant that is comfortable",
    "Another win for Carhartt!",
    "I guess we'll be looking for a suitable replacement. My husband loves these pants and we are very disappointed that Carhartt seems to have discontinued making his size (40 x 36).  He wears them everyday on the farm and they last very well.  They have more give than blue jeans and wear just as well.",
    "My husband loves them. It is all he will wear to work.",
    "Great pants to work in",
    "husband loves these Carhartt pants for work",
    "Just ordered my second pair. Great work pants that are comfortable and loose around the legs, for room to breathe and move around! Sizing was perfect",
    "Great pants, nice fit good price  will be buying more",
    "put on a pair of carharts and your sex appeal doubles!",
    "Very comfortable and stylish. Use them for work and play. Very high quality and stains come out very easily",
    "Great fit",
    "I recently purchased a pair of the B151 Khaki pants and wanted to try a little different style. These are the Loose fit and they are comfortable and fit just like they should. I have had problems in the past finding the jeans that fit my 30\" inseam. They always seem to be just a little long. These loose fit Carhartt B159's are great. They fit my inseam perfectly when I put on my boots. They don't drag the ground behind my boots. Perfect Fit!",
    "I bought those pants for my boyfriend. He's 1.80 mt and 70 kg. Fit perfect. He will buy another one in other color. The quality it's excellent. Very happy with the purchase.",
    "Exactly what I was looking for.",
    "Honestly, the so-called \"loose fit\", to me, isn't \"loose\". But it does fit, and I'd definitely buy again.  The right side cell pocket holds my Samsung Note 4 in its TPU protective case, leaving about 1/2\" of the phone peeking out the top of the pocket, convenient to reach for when needed, yet secure. The look passes easily for business casual (probably why they're always out of Golden Khaki, and have good sales on 'Mushroom').  And the comfort and strength of the fabric means it'll be around for a while.",
    "My husband wears these for work and they hold up really well in comparison to other cheaper options that last only a few months.  They are slightly baggy, but he says they move really well and with his job that is very physically active, movement is a must.  Definitely worth the money.",
    "My favorite pair of work pants. Durable and comfortable. I'm 6'3 and these were perfect for me at 34x34, which is rare when you have long legs.",
    "Love these pants so far, I mostly wanted the cell phone pocket, hate have my phone in my front or back pocket",
    "Definitely pleased with product. Company super efficient",
    "I work outside almost everyday in humid Northern Florida. If you work outside, get these pants and never wear jeans again. They are super comfortable have a generous fit. Again, if they can make it down here in the summer they can work anywhere. Stop sweating and upgrade. Great price. I never write reviews but I had to on these pants. Thanks Carrhart",
    "I typically wear a 34 length (which is what I ordered) but these are just a little longer than expected. I would order another pair of these in a 33 length and I think they would be good.",
    "i love it",
    "Nice pants not as heavy as regular Carhart good for summer.",
    "Great pants. A bit thinner than the duck pants, perfect during the hotter months.",
    "I hate to admit it but I used to wear skinny jeans. But i have found the light! These jeans are comfortable and can take a beating. Ive taken them hunting, shootingand camping dozens of times. No wearing or tears. Fair warning it looks weird if you ware your carheart jacket the same color.",
    "Very nice",
    "Awesome pants fit well awesome features with the rip stop fabric!",
    "thanks",
    "Comfortable and look nice",
    "Great price for a great item",
    "finer",
    "Just what I needed. Great pants.",
    "Great pear of pants for the office or mill",
    "Great work pants!  Thanks! They fit great and do the job!  Excellent customer service, fast shipping too!",
    "They are comfortable and hold up well.",
    "Bought one pair for my husband who is a landscaper, he loved them! We bought another pair.",
    "Great work pants for summer time heat. Nice and light!",
    "They fit very well, and are loose enough for larger thighs. The cell phone-sized pocket is a really handy feature, and the wide openings at the bottom to cover boots are nice as well.\n\nThe canvas feels durable, and the stitches appear to be strong and well done. I would expect these pants to hold up well over a long period of time and use. I was deciding between these and the Columbia ROC II pants, and have been very happy with these so far.",
    "Great product",
    "I ordered these for my husband who loves Carhartt brands.  He wears Carhartt daily but needs something lighter during the summer months.  I have been looking for something other than the standard colors and these were perfect plus he loves the lose fit and carpenter style.",
    "Happy with the fit and look!!",
    "great pants! fit amazingly very comfortable and durable!",
    "These pants fit like they should. They are durable enough, but not if you're working on your knees a lot. I like the khakis because they look sort of dressed up for those times the CEO comes to town. The right side leg pocket is large enough to hold my iPhone 6 with a metal Verus case securely.",
    "Love them durable, comfortable.. I guess sizes run alittle big though.\n\nWill defiantly buy again",
    "If you want good work pants, buy carharrt.",
    "Just as described",
    "Excellent fit and regular Carhart quality",
    "Couldn't find the \"loose\" fit in the store. Fit perfect.",
    "Love these pants for work. I'm and engineer in a manufacturing company. These pants are comfortable and a little more dress-y than jeans. That's why I have 4 pair!!!",
    "Very comfortable and fit well. Durable material should hold up to daily work wear. I did have to order a 30 length when I normally wear a 32 in every other pant Ive bought. Ive found Carhart's sizing to be a llittle difficult at times, I tried them at my local Carhart store before ordering.",
    "Perfect",
    "These are the best work pants ever.",
    "would use again",
    "Carhartt makes the best work pants. Period",
    "Good pants. Just make sure to go up one size on the waist. For some reason the canvas carhartts always run small in the waist",
    "Carhardt is always high quality",
    "This was a gift",
    "I wear these pants at work because they are comfortable and fit me better than the uniform pants that we are issued.",
    "These are the ideal pants.",
    "I'll never go back to denim. These are much more durable than any blue jeans. It was awkward getting used to how they sit kind of low on the hips but they're the perfect work pants for me now.",
    "Great pants. Fits perfectly.",
    "It's the only pants I will buy and haven't purchased any other brands in the last 10 years!",
    "Great pants, but run small.",
    "Excellent pair of pants",
    "great",
    "Perfect fit from the start. I like the subtle design of the cargo pockets that are a bit more to the rear of the leg and less obvious as other cargo pocket pant designs which gives the pants a sleeker and dressier look. The material feels rugged without being overly stiff -- a good compromise. Nice moss color, too.",
    "Great product as expected. Great product as expected.",
    "Good fit",
    "what you would expect from carhart. comfortable, breathes good, looks good",
    "Perfect fit, nice and comfortable. Great cell phone pocket to boot (iPhone 6s) fits a little loose which I like.",
    "As advertised",
    "5*!",
    "This was tough they almost fit as expected but they are a bit loose at the waist. The quality is excellent as expected from Carhartt.",
    "Very easy care and durable lite comfortable",
    "Great fit !!",
    "My huhusband loves them the only problem is they are a tab bit longer than most pants that are 32 in length",
    "MY HUSBAND LOVES THE PANTS. THEY ARE JUST WHAT HE NEEDED. HE WORKS OUTSIDE SO HE LOVES CARHARTTS",
    "My husband loves these jeans.  He is very rugged on his clothes and these seem to be the only ones that hold up well.",
    "Love em. Perfect in the Arizona heat.",
    "super nice and very comfortable and they fit well great work pants and casual pants.",
    "Great work pants.",
    "Must order a size up. They run a little small",
    "great",
    "Fit just a tad bit snug compared to most 36x32s but still fits well enough. Definitely recommend, great pants, great quality, fast shipping",
    "Love these pants!",
    "My husband was very pleased with these pants, he is 6'0 and weighs about 190 - so a 36/30 fit him great! Carhartt has great products and these pants did not disappoint.",
    "Just what I've come to expect from carhartt. Little bit more slim in the legs but still good to go!",
    "Carhartt makes the best pants for working that I've ever found. I use these for yard work, as well as any moving/lifting/etc that tears up nice jeans. My first pair of these lasted about 6 years and are finally wearing through, and I'm betting these will last even longer. Great pants!",
    "These are the best work pants ever.  My boys, age ranges teen to twenty-something to hubby, wear these for work and camping.  The material is sturdy and washes very well.  I do not use dryer sheets, as they can damage clothing.  These pants last forever and take a beating!  Hubby does alot of work on his knees, so after several months, the knees do wear out and rip, so it's patch time and they last and last and last.  They offer great protection when hiking through brush or working in the woodshop or with tools.  I highly recommend this brand.  The fit is really comfy too - who wants tight work pants that you can't bend in?  They're not baggy even tho they're loose fit.  They're just right!  You won't be sorry.",
    "Pants arrived in good packaging. Fit well according to chart. Look good feel good nice and loose easy to work in.",
    "To small",
    "Waist is slightly smaller then expected but still a good fit. Length is good with enough room for my work boots. Still very high quality pants.",
    "I love it.",
    "Love these pants!",
    "Most comfortable.surprisingly more so than dungarees",
    "Not as stiff as other pants from Carhartt. Great color!",
    "Good bye",
    "Excellent pants at a great price.  Fits perfectly and held up well after washing and drying.",
    "Perfect fit. Very comfortable.",
    "Great work pants",
    "I like the loose fit better than the relaxed fit. Waist size was perfect. I don't see how so many people mention in they're reviews to buy larger waist size. I recommend you buy your normal pants size.",
    "Great!",
    "Fit as expected!",
    "Great fit and durable fabric.\n I love the cell phone pocket.",
    "Nice pants  just what we expected",
    "Great work and casual pants.  My only thought is that the gray color can fade somewhat quickly if you work on your knees a lot as I do.",
    "LOVE these pants!!!",
    "Please.",
    "Fit well",
    "Great",
    "Was excited to get a hard to find size and it fit perfectly.",
    "Good fit",
    "Good",
    "Great item",
    "I had a pair prior to this pair and literally worn them until I had holes in the knees.  The fit is exactly what I had expected.  Also a very durable paint.",
    "Everything carhartt is so nice. It's always the best quality and durability. Super nice pants, i perfer this material over dikies or jeans anyday. and they look good. True to size, not large or small, don't assume because its Carhartt it will be big. Totally worth 40$.",
    "love them",
    "comfortable, tough and help keep the cold out. I love them. I wear them pretty much everyday to work as a construction manager.",
    "Great fit",
    "Great. Wearing them right now. Comfortable and solid. Wore them to work in as a teacher, but they will start being used for work outdoor pants. I might even like them more than my Riggs pants, which I really like.",
    "Exactly what my husband wanted, but cheaper than in the store. Great pants. He wears them everyday to work(as a carpenter)",
    "Love these!",
    "I love these pants. They fit a iPhone perfect and look good too.",
]